Animalia	author	Graeme Base
Animal Farm	author	George Orwell
A Modest Proposal	author	Jonathan Swift
A Clockwork Orange	author	Anthony Burgess
The Plague	author	Albert Camus
A Fire Upon the Deep	author	Vernor Vinge
Applesoft BASIC	author	Marc McDonald and Ric Weiland
All Quiet on the Western Front	author	Erich Maria Remarque
Apache HTTP Server	author	Robert McCool
A Wizard of Earthsea	author	Ursula K. Le Guin
Ain't I a Woman%3F	author	Bell hooks
Blade Runner 2: The Edge of Human	author	K. W. Jeter
Bash	author	Brian Fox
Berkeley DB	author	Margo Seltzer and Keith Bostic of Sleepycat Software
The World Factbook	author	Central Intelligence Agency
Crash	author	J. G. Ballard
Children of Dune	author	Frank Herbert
Chapterhouse: Dune	author	Frank Herbert
Candide	author	Voltaire
Cygwin	author	Cygnus Solutions
Cyc	author	Douglas Lenat
Carmilla	author	Sheridan Le Fanu
The Cider House Rules	author	John Irving
Dracula	author	Bram Stoker
Don Quixote	author	Miguel de Cervantes
Doraemon	author	Fujiko Fujio
Dune Messiah	author	Frank Herbert
Tao Te Ching	author	Laozi
Darwin's Dangerous Idea	author	Daniel Dennett
The Time in Between	author	David Bergen
Erewhon	author	Samuel Butler
Ed	author	Ken Thompson
Edlin	author	Tim Paterson
EasyWriter	author	John Draper
Enchiridion of Epictetus	author	Epictetus
Enchiridion of Epictetus	author	Arrian
The Trial	author	Franz Kafka
The Metamorphosis	author	Franz Kafka
Free to Choose	author	Milton Friedman
Free to Choose	author	Rose Friedman
Fahrenheit 451	author	Ray Bradbury
Flambards	author	K. M. Peyton
Farmer Giles of Ham	author	J. R. R. Tolkien
Gaudy Night	author	Dorothy Leigh Sayers
GIMP	author	Spencer Kimball
GIMP	author	Peter Mattis
God Emperor of Dune	author	Frank Herbert
Gzip	author	*
Gzip	author	Jean-loup Gailly
Gzip	author	Mark Adler
Gone with the Wind	author	Margaret Mitchell
Gnumeric	author	Miguel de Icaza
The Golden Turkey Awards	author	Harry Medved
The Golden Turkey Awards	author	Michael Medved
Heart of Darkness	author	Joseph Conrad
The Holocaust Industry	author	Norman Finkelstein
Heretics of Dune	author	Frank Herbert
Hot or Not	author	James Hong (entrepreneur) and Jim Young
Adventures of Huckleberry Finn	author	Mark Twain
Invictus	author	William Ernest Henley
I, Robot	author	Isaac Asimov
Irssi	author	Timo Sirainen
Cosmicomics	author	Italo Calvino
Ivanhoe	author	Sir Walter Scott
Johnny Got His Gun	author	Dalton Trumbo
Kalevala	author	Elias Lönnrot
Korn shell	author	David Korn
Icehenge	author	Kim Stanley Robinson
LaTeX	author	Leslie Lamport
Larousse Gastronomique	author	Prosper Montagné
Microserfs	author	Douglas Coupland
MySQL	author	MySQL AB
Mein Kampf	author	Adolf Hitler
Moby-Dick	author	Herman Melville
Mobile Suit Gundam	author	Yoshiyuki Tomino
Moonfleet	author	J. Meade Falkner
Mere Christianity	author	C. S. Lewis
Manufacturing Consent	author	Edward S. Herman
Manufacturing Consent	author	Noam Chomsky
Mach	author	Carnegie Mellon University
Neuromancer	author	William Gibson
Cryptonomicon	author	Neal Stephenson
No Logo	author	Naomi Klein
OpenGL	author	Silicon Graphics
On Fairy-Stories	author	J. R. R. Tolkien
Pretty Good Privacy	author	Phil Zimmermann
Pretty Good Privacy	author	PGP Inc.
Pretty Good Privacy	author	Network Associates
Pretty Good Privacy	author	PGP Corp.
Time Out of Joint	author	Philip K. Dick
The Three Stigmata of Palmer Eldritch	author	Philip K. Dick
A Scanner Darkly	author	Philip K. Dick
Ubik	author	Philip K. Dick
Radio Free Albemuth	author	Philip K. Dick
Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep%3F	author	Philip K. Dick
Philosophical Investigations	author	Ludwig Wittgenstein
Pride and Prejudice	author	Jane Austen
Pale Fire	author	Vladimir Nabokov
PaintShop Pro	author	*JASC, Inc. \n*
PaintShop Pro	author	Jasc Software
PaintShop Pro	author	*Sourcenext Corporation \n*P.&A., Inc.
Ringworld	author	Larry Niven
Ranma ½	author	Rumiko Takahashi
Rendezvous with Rama	author	Arthur C. Clarke
Slashdot	author	Co-Founder Rob \
Sense and Sensibility	author	Jane Austen
Sailor Moon	author	Naoko Takeuchi
Speaker for the Dead	author	Orson Scott Card
Serial Experiments Lain	author	Yoshitoshi ABe
Starship Troopers	author	Robert A. Heinlein
Sinners in the Hands of an Angry God	author	Jonathan Edwards
Space Battleship Yamato	author	Leiji Matsumoto
Slayers	author	Hajime Kanzaka
Slayers	author	Hajime Kanzaka
Slayers	author	Yoshinobu Akita
Slayers	author	Slayers
Simple DirectMedia Layer	author	Sam Lantinga
Stuart Little	author	E. B. White
The Doors of Perception	author	Aldous Huxley
The Time Machine	author	H. G. Wells
On the Origin of Species	author	Charles Darwin
The Shockwave Rider	author	John Brunner
The Shining	author	Stephen King
Mort	author	Terry Pratchett
Tractatus Logico-Philosophicus	author	Ludwig Wittgenstein
The Hound of the Baskervilles	author	Arthur Conan Doyle
The Hobbit	author	J. R. R. Tolkien
The Communist Manifesto	author	Karl Marx and Friedrich Engels
The Machinery of Freedom	author	David D. Friedman
The Evolution of Cooperation	author	Robert Axelrod
TECO	author	Daniel Murphy
The Black Cat	author	Edgar Allan Poe
The Computer Contradictionary	author	Stan Kelly-Bootle
The Great Divorce	author	C. S. Lewis
The Screwtape Letters	author	C. S. Lewis
The Pit and the Pendulum	author	Edgar Allan Poe
The Hunt for Red October	author	Tom Clancy
Debt of Honor	author	Tom Clancy
The Cardinal of the Kremlin	author	Tom Clancy
Tunnel in the Sky	author	Robert A. Heinlein
The Third Culture	author	John Brockman
The Vision of Escaflowne	author	Katsu Aki
The Vision of Escaflowne	author	Yuzuru Yashiro
The Vision of Escaflowne	author	Yumiko Tsukamoto
The Vision of Escaflowne	author	Hajime Yatate
The Vision of Escaflowne	author	Shoji Kawamori
The Problem of Pain	author	C. S. Lewis
Trigun	author	Yasuhiro Nightow
Trigun	author	Yasuhiro Nightow
Tenchi Muyo!	author	Hitoshi Okuda
Typee	author	Herman Melville
The Bell Curve	author	Richard J. Herrnstein
The Bell Curve	author	Charles Murray
The Mismeasure of Man	author	Stephen Jay Gould
The Mythical Man-Month	author	Frederick Brooks
The Picture of Dorian Gray	author	Oscar Wilde
The Art of Computer Programming	author	Donald Knuth
The History of the Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire	author	Edward Gibbon
The Sentinel	author	Arthur C. Clarke
The Fountains of Paradise	author	Arthur C. Clarke
The Skeptical Environmentalist	author	Bjørn Lomborg
The Silent Gondoliers	author	William Goldman
Lord of the Flies	author	William Golding
Through the Looking-Glass	author	Lewis Carroll
The Dispossessed	author	Ursula K. Le Guin
Vim	author	Bram Moolenaar
Varney the Vampire	author	James Malcolm Rymer
Varney the Vampire	author	Thomas Peckett Prest
WikiWikiWeb	author	Ward Cunningham
WordPerfect	author	Brigham Young University
WordPerfect	author	Satellite Software International
The Wanderer	author	Fritz Leiber
2010: Odyssey Two	author	Arthur C. Clarke
Brave New World	author	Aldous Huxley
The Martian Chronicles	author	Ray Bradbury
Paradise Lost	author	John Milton
Wine	author	Alexandre Julliard
The Illustrated Man	author	Ray Bradbury
The Invisible Man	author	H.G. Wells
Maison Ikkoku	author	Rumiko Takahashi
Twenty Thousand Leagues Under the Sea	author	Jules Verne
Keep the Aspidistra Flying	author	George Orwell
The Illuminatus! Trilogy	author	Robert Shea and Robert Anton Wilson
Lions' Commentary on UNIX 6th Edition, with Source Code	author	John Lions
The Ones Who Walk Away from Omelas	author	Ursula K. Le Guin
The Myth of Sisyphus	author	Albert Camus
ArXiv	author	Paul Ginsparg
GNU Privacy Guard	author	Werner Koch
Good-Bye to All That	author	Robert Graves
Vanity Fair	author	William Makepeace Thackeray
Fetchmail	author	Eric S. Raymond
The Cathedral and the Bazaar	author	Eric S. Raymond
Design Patterns	author	The \
Design Patterns	author	Erich Gamma
Design Patterns	author	Richard Helm,
Design Patterns	author	Ralph Johnson
Design Patterns	author	John Vlissides
Northanger Abbey	author	Jane Austen
A Crown of Swords	author	Robert Jordan
Winter's Heart	author	Robert Jordan
The Eye of the World	author	Robert Jordan
The Great Hunt	author	Robert Jordan
Around the World in Eighty Days	author	Jules Verne
The Grapes of Wrath	author	John Steinbeck
How Green Was My Valley	author	Richard Llewellyn
Lady Audley's Secret	author	Mary Elizabeth Braddon
The Queen of the Damned	author	Anne Rice
Gigi	author	Colette
Gulliver's Travels	author	Jonathan Swift
The Gift of the Magi	author	O. Henry
The Color Purple	author	Alice Walker
The English Patient	author	Michael Ondaatje
The Selfish Gene	author	Richard Dawkins
Robert's Rules of Order	author	*
Robert's Rules of Order	author	Henry Martyn Robert
Robert's Rules of Order	author	* Sarah Corbin Robert\n* Henry M. Robert III\n* William J. Evans\n* Daniel H. Honemann\n* Thomas J. Balch\n* Daniel E. Seabold\n* Shmuel Gerber
Blood Music	author	Greg Bear
The Forge of God	author	Greg Bear
The World According to Garp	author	John Irving
Mutiny on the Bounty	author	Charles Nordhoff and James Norman Hall
The Mothman Prophecies	author	John Keel
The Memory of Earth	author	Orson Scott Card
Sixth Column	author	Robert A. Heinlein
The Puppet Masters	author	Robert A. Heinlein
The Wind in the Willows	author	Kenneth Grahame
The Godfather	author	Mario Puzo
Jonathan Livingston Seagull	author	Richard Bach
The Hunting of the Snark	author	Lewis Carroll
Natural Capitalism	author	Paul Hawken
Natural Capitalism	author	Amory Lovins
Natural Capitalism	author	Hunter Lovins
Life After Life	author	Raymond Moody
I Am Legend	author	Richard Matheson
Where Mathematics Comes From	author	George Lakoff
Where Mathematics Comes From	author	Rafael E. Núñez
The Stranger	author	Albert Camus
Beyond This Horizon	author	Robert A. Heinlein
Rocket Ship Galileo	author	Robert A. Heinlein
Space Cadet	author	Robert A. Heinlein
The Man in the High Castle	author	Philip K. Dick
Between Planets	author	Robert A. Heinlein
Starman Jones	author	Robert A. Heinlein
Podkayne of Mars	author	Robert A. Heinlein
Story of O	author	Anne Desclos
The Skeptic's Dictionary	author	Robert Todd Carroll
The Star Beast	author	Robert A. Heinlein
Grep	author	Ken Thompson
Commentarii de Bello Gallico	author	Julius Caesar
Commentarii de Bello Gallico	author	Aulus Hirtius
The Register	author	Mike Magee
The Register	author	John Lettice
Porgy	author	DuBose Heyward
Dr. No	author	Ian Fleming
Gödel, Escher, Bach	author	Douglas Hofstadter
Sendmail	author	Eric Allman
Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone	author	J. K. Rowling
Clash of Civilizations	author	Samuel P. Huntington
How the Self Controls Its Brain	author	John Carew Eccles
Down and Out in Paris and London	author	George Orwell
The Last Man	author	Mary Shelley
The Transmigration of Timothy Archer	author	Philip K. Dick
Dirk Gently's Holistic Detective Agency	author	Douglas Adams
Steal This Book	author	Abbie Hoffman
Dragonflight	author	Anne McCaffrey
The Diamond Age	author	Neal Stephenson
SourceForge	author	VA Software
The Population Bomb	author	Paul R. Ehrlich
The Hunchback of Notre-Dame	author	Victor Hugo
Alice's Adventures in Wonderland	author	Lewis Carroll
Now Wait for Last Year	author	Philip K. Dick
The Magician's Nephew	author	C.S. Lewis
The Malloreon	author	David Eddings
The Belgariad	author	David Eddings
The Elements of Style	author	*
The Elements of Style	author	William Strunk Jr.
The Elements of Style	author	* Strunk and
The Elements of Style	author	E. B. White
Advogato	author	Raph Levien
The Patchwork Girl of Oz	author	L. Frank Baum
Double Star	author	Robert A. Heinlein
Time for the Stars	author	Robert A. Heinlein
I Will Fear No Evil	author	Robert A. Heinlein
Glory Road	author	Robert A. Heinlein
To Sail Beyond the Sunset	author	Robert A. Heinlein
Citizen of the Galaxy	author	Robert A. Heinlein
Stranger in a Strange Land	author	Robert A. Heinlein
The Cat Who Walks Through Walls	author	Robert A. Heinlein
The Moon Is a Harsh Mistress	author	Robert A. Heinlein
Methuselah's Children	author	Robert A. Heinlein
Life a User's Manual	author	Georges Perec
A Dictionary of the English Language	author	Samuel Johnson
Ulysses	author	James Joyce
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz	author	L. Frank Baum
Mixmaster anonymous remailer	author	Lance Cottrell
Wuthering Heights	author	Emily Brontë
Jane Eyre	author	Charlotte Brontë
Catch-22	author	Joseph Heller
Robinson Crusoe	author	Daniel Defoe
NeWS	author	James Gosling
NeWS	author	David S. H. Rosenthal
Clear and Present Danger	author	Tom Clancy
Security-Enhanced Linux	author	NSA and Red Hat
Makefile	author	Stuart Feldman
Battle Angel Alita	author	Yukito Kishiro
Beonex Communicator	author	Ben Bucksch
Nanotech	author	Edited by Jack Dann and Gardner Dozois
The Salmon of Doubt	author	Douglas Adams
A Dictionary of Modern English Usage	author	Henry Watson Fowler
Castle Rackrent	author	Maria Edgeworth
Emma	author	Jane Austen
Charlie and the Chocolate Factory	author	Roald Dahl
YaST	author	SUSE Linux distributions
Anne of Green Gables	author	Lucy Maud Montgomery
1066 and All That	author	W. C. Sellar and R. J. Yeatman
Inversions	author	Iain M. Banks
Consider Phlebas	author	Iain M. Banks
The Crow Road	author	Iain Banks
Espedair Street	author	Iain Banks
The Wasp Factory	author	Iain Banks
Ender's Game	author	Orson Scott Card
Flow My Tears, the Policeman Said	author	Philip K. Dick
Bored of the Rings	author	Henry N. Beard
Bored of the Rings	author	Douglas C. Kenney
Job: A Comedy of Justice	author	Robert A. Heinlein
Farmer in the Sky	author	Robert A. Heinlein
Friday	author	Robert A. Heinlein
By His Bootstraps	author	Robert A. Heinlein as Anson MacDonald
All You Zombies	author	Robert A. Heinlein
Have Space Suit—Will Travel	author	Robert A. Heinlein
If This Goes On—	author	Robert A. Heinlein
Misfit	author	Robert A. Heinlein
—We Also Walk Dogs	author	Robert A. Heinlein
The Menace from Earth	author	Robert A. Heinlein
The Man Who Sold the Moon	author	Robert A. Heinlein
The Green Hills of Earth	author	Robert A. Heinlein
The Number of the Beast	author	Robert A. Heinlein
Revolt in 2100	author	Robert A. Heinlein
Assignment in Eternity	author	Robert A. Heinlein
Red Planet	author	Robert A. Heinlein
Prelude to Foundation	author	Isaac Asimov
Foundation and Earth	author	Isaac Asimov
Foundation's Edge	author	Isaac Asimov
The Caves of Steel	author	Isaac Asimov
Time Enough for Love	author	Robert A. Heinlein
The Rolling Stones	author	Robert A. Heinlein
The Door into Summer	author	Robert A. Heinlein
Farnham's Freehold	author	Robert A. Heinlein
The Maltese Falcon	author	Dashiell Hammett
The Treasure of the Sierra Madre	author	B. Traven
If on a winter's night a traveler	author	Italo Calvino
The Forsyte Saga	author	John Galsworthy
Funeral in Berlin	author	Len Deighton
Billion-Dollar Brain	author	Len Deighton
Kim	author	Rudyard Kipling
Whit	author	Iain Banks
A3D	author	Aureal Semiconductor
Mostly Harmless	author	Douglas Adams
Netwide Assembler	author	Simon Tatham, Julian Hall
Native Son	author	Richard Wright
A Farewell to Arms	author	Ernest Hemingway
Little Women	author	Louisa May Alcott
Imitation of Life	author	Fannie Hurst
The Last Command	author	Timothy Zahn
The Way of All Flesh	author	Samuel Butler
Alice Adams	author	Booth Tarkington
Les Misérables	author	Victor Hugo
Dodsworth	author	Sinclair Lewis
Lost Horizon	author	James Hilton
Ghostscript	author	L. Peter Deutsch
The Red Badge of Courage	author	Stephen Crane
Goodbye, Mr. Chips	author	James Hilton
Of Mice and Men	author	John Steinbeck
Ishmael	author	Daniel Quinn
David Copperfield	author	Charles Dickens
Childhood's End	author	Arthur C. Clarke
The Little Prince	author	Antoine de Saint-Exupéry
Helix	author	RealNetworks
The Two Towers	author	J. R. R. Tolkien
The Return of the King	author	J. R. R. Tolkien
The Green Mile	author	Stephen King
Four past Midnight	author	Stephen King
Four past Midnight	author	Stephen King
Gerald's Game	author	Stephen King
Dolores Claiborne	author	Stephen King
Hearts in Atlantis	author	Stephen King
The Girl Who Loved Tom Gordon	author	Stephen King
Nightmares & Dreamscapes	author	Stephen King
Umney's Last Case	author	Stephen King
Blood and Smoke	author	Stephen King
The Breathing Method	author	Stephen King
Riding the Bullet	author	Stephen King
Skeleton Crew	author	Stephen King
Night Shift	author	Stephen King
The Eyes of the Dragon	author	Stephen King
The Dark Tower III: The Waste Lands	author	Stephen King
The Dark Tower IV: Wizard and Glass	author	Stephen King
The New Lieutenant's Rap	author	Stephen King
The Body	author	Stephen King
Rita Hayworth and Shawshank Redemption	author	Stephen King
Different Seasons	author	Stephen King
The Dark Tower: The Gunslinger	author	Stephen King
The Dark Tower II: The Drawing of the Three	author	Stephen King
On Writing	author	Stephen King
Six Stories	author	Stephen King
The Long Walk	author	Stephen King as Richard Bachman
Solaris	author	Stanisław Lem
The Big U	author	Neal Stephenson
The Day of the Triffids	author	John Wyndham
The Rape of Nanking	author	Iris Chang
The Art of War	author	Sun Tzu
Other Losses	author	James Bacque
Love and Mr Lewisham	author	H. G. Wells
The Stardroppers	author	John Brunner
The Limits to Growth	author	Donella Meadows
The Limits to Growth	author	Dennis L. Meadows
The Limits to Growth	author	Jørgen Randers
The Limits to Growth	author	William W. Behrens III
The Blind Watchmaker	author	Richard Dawkins
Carrie	author	Stephen King
Black Holes and Baby Universes and Other Essays	author	Stephen Hawking
A Brief History of Time	author	Stephen Hawking
Watership Down	author	Richard Adams
Revision Control System	author	Walter F. Tichy
Harriet the Spy	author	Louise Fitzhugh
StarOffice	author	StarDivision, Sun Microsystems
OpenOffice.org	author	StarOffice by StarDivision
The Big Sleep	author	Raymond Chandler
Bridget Jones's Diary	author	Helen Fielding
Moral Politics	author	George Lakoff
The State of the Art	author	Iain M. Banks
The Player of Games	author	Iain M. Banks
Look to Windward	author	Iain M. Banks
Excession	author	Iain M. Banks
Use of Weapons	author	Iain M. Banks
Eric Brighteyes	author	H. Rider Haggard
Xfce	author	Olivier Fourdan
So Long, and Thanks for All the Fish	author	Douglas Adams
Choke	author	Chuck Palahniuk
A Friend of the Earth	author	T.C. Boyle
In Search of Lost Time	author	Marcel Proust
The Weirdstone of Brisingamen	author	Alan Garner
The Human Stain	author	Philip Roth
Picnic at Hanging Rock	author	Joan Lindsay
I, the Jury	author	Mickey Spillane
Thinks ...	author	David Lodge
A Fisherman of the Inland Sea	author	Ursula K. Le Guin
Smith of Wootton Major	author	J. R. R. Tolkien
The Adventures of Pinocchio	author	Carlo Collodi
England, England	author	Julian Barnes
Dune	author	Frank Herbert
Feersum Endjinn	author	Iain M. Banks
Against a Dark Background	author	Iain M. Banks
Just Like That	author	Lily Brett
Memoirs of a Fox-Hunting Man	author	Siegfried Sassoon
Uncle Tom's Cabin	author	Harriet Beecher Stowe
The Beach	author	Alex Garland
Murder Must Advertise	author	Dorothy L. Sayers
The Man Who Would Be King	author	Rudyard Kipling
Book of the SubGenius	author	J.R. \
Codex Seraphinianus	author	Luigi Serafini
A Vicious Circle	author	Amanda Craig
To Kill a Mockingbird	author	Harper Lee
The Go-Between	author	L. P. Hartley
Mildred Pierce	author	James M. Cain
A Christmas Carol	author	Charles Dickens
Natural History	author	Pliny the Elder
About a Boy	author	Nick Hornby
The Last Temptation of Christ	author	Nikos Kazantzakis
Miss Lulu Bett	author	Zona Gale
Flatland	author	Edwin A. Abbott
The Gulag Archipelago	author	Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn
Snow Crash	author	Neal Stephenson
Sick Puppy	author	Carl Hiaasen
Dragon Ball	author	Akira Toriyama
The Prisoner of Zenda	author	Anthony Hope
The Great Gatsby	author	F. Scott Fitzgerald
Winamp	author	Nullsoft
Love Hina	author	Ken Akamatsu
For Whom the Bell Tolls	author	Ernest Hemingway
The Human Comedy	author	William Saroyan
An Eye for an Eye: The Untold Story of Jewish Revenge Against Germans in 1945	author	John Sack
Belgarath the Sorcerer	author	David Eddings and Leigh Eddings
From Russia, with Love	author	Ian Fleming
Sketchpad	author	Ivan E. Sutherland
The Tombs of Atuan	author	Ursula K. Le Guin
Good Omens	author	Terry Pratchett
Good Omens	author	& Neil Gaiman
Coraline	author	Neil Gaiman
Interview with the Vampire	author	Anne Rice
Tartarin of Tarascon	author	Alphonse Daudet
SS-GB	author	Len Deighton
Finnegans Wake	author	James Joyce
The Meaning of Liff	author	Douglas Adams
The Meaning of Liff	author	John Lloyd
Enlightenment	author	Carsten Haitzler
The Virgin Suicides	author	Jeffrey Eugenides
What Makes Sammy Run%3F	author	Budd Schulberg
The Razor's Edge	author	W. Somerset Maugham
Homage to Catalonia	author	George Orwell
My World and Welcome to It	author	James Thurber
King Solomon's Mines	author	H. Rider Haggard
Silent Spring	author	Rachel Carson
Babel-17	author	Samuel R. Delany
The Languages of Pao	author	Jack Vance
The Count of Monte Cristo	author	Alexandre Dumas
The Count of Monte Cristo	author	(in collaboration with Auguste Maquet)
The Primal Scream	author	Arthur Janov
Cat's Cradle	author	Kurt Vonnegut
Structure and Interpretation of Computer Programs	author	Harold Abelson, Gerald Jay Sussman, Julie Sussman
Excellent Women	author	Barbara Pym
Orphans of the Sky	author	Robert A. Heinlein
Tess of the d'Urbervilles	author	Thomas Hardy
The Scarlet Pimpernel	author	Emma Orczy
The Closing of the American Mind	author	Allan Bloom
The Robe	author	Lloyd C. Douglas
Power and Market	author	Murray Rothbard
The Legend of Sleepy Hollow	author	Washington Irving
The Thirty-Nine Steps	author	John Buchan, 1st Baron Tweedsmuir
A Walking Tour of the Shambles	author	Neil Gaiman and Gene Wolfe
Class Warfare	author	Noam Chomsky
Dead Air	author	Iain Banks
The Exorcist	author	William Peter Blatty
A Severed Head	author	Iris Murdoch
Coming Up for Air	author	George Orwell
The Age of Spiritual Machines	author	Raymond Kurzweil
Shadow Puppets	author	Orson Scott Card
City of Death	author	James Goss
Shada	author	Gareth Roberts
A Bridge Too Far	author	William Goldman
The Road to Mars	author	Eric Idle
Mars trilogy	author	Kim Stanley Robinson
Mars trilogy	author	Kim Stanley Robinson
The Conquest of Bread	author	Peter Kropotkin
Regeneration	author	Pat Barker
House of Leaves	author	Mark Z. Danielewski
The Whalestoe Letters	author	Mark Z. Danielewski
The White Goddess	author	Robert Graves
A Night to Remember	author	Walter Lord
The Golden Bough	author	James George Frazer
My Disillusionment in Russia	author	Emma Goldman
Restoree	author	Anne McCaffrey
LiveJournal	author	Brad Fitzpatrick
The King in Yellow	author	Robert W. Chambers
Mister Roberts	author	Thomas Heggen
Auntie Mame	author	Patrick Dennis
Elmer Gantry	author	Sinclair Lewis
Sons and Lovers	author	D. H. Lawrence
Bourne shell	author	Stephen R. Bourne
A New Kind of Science	author	Stephen Wolfram
ActiveX	author	Microsoft
PKZIP	author	Phil Katz
America's Great Depression	author	Murray Rothbard
Survivor	author	Chuck Palahniuk
C shell	author	Bill Joy
The Jungle	author	Upton Sinclair
The Water-Babies, A Fairy Tale for a Land Baby	author	Charles Kingsley
More Guns, Less Crime	author	John Lott
SHRDLU	author	Terry Winograd
Quotations from Chairman Mao Tse-tung	author	Mao Zedong
Quotations from Chairman Mao Tse-tung	author	Hou Bo
Level 7	author	Mordecai Roshwald
The Victorian Internet	author	Tom Standage
The Snow Queen	author	Hans Christian Andersen
The Prince	author	Niccolò Machiavelli
Sounder	author	William H. Armstrong
Encyclopédie	author	Numerous contributors, edited by Denis Diderot and Jean le Rond d'Alembert
All the President's Men	author	Carl Bernstein and Bob Woodward
Nemesis	author	Isaac Asimov
Island of the Sequined Love Nun	author	Christopher Moore
The Lust Lizard of Melancholy Cove	author	Christopher Moore
The Memory of Whiteness	author	Kim Stanley Robinson
MAME	author	Nicola Salmoria
Quartet in Autumn	author	Barbara Pym
Some Tame Gazelle	author	Barbara Pym
The Super Dimension Fortress Macross	author	Haruhiko Mikimoto
Satyricon	author	Petronius
The End of History and the Last Man	author	Francis Fukuyama
Pictorial Key to the Tarot	author	Arthur Edward Waite
Guns, Germs, and Steel	author	Jared Diamond
The Inquirer	author	Mike Magee
Autodesk Maya	author	Alias Systems Corporation
Revolutionary Girl Utena	author	Chiho Saito
Inuyasha	author	Rumiko Takahashi
Oh My Goddess!	author	Kōsuke Fujishima
Oh My Goddess!	author	Yumi Tōma
A Passage to India	author	E.M. Forster
A Room with a View	author	E. M. Forster
Quattro Pro	author	Borland
Alas, Babylon	author	Pat Frank
British National Formulary	author	British Medical Association, and
British National Formulary	author	Royal Pharmaceutical Society
Science and Health with Key to the Scriptures	author	Mary Baker Eddy
Sister Carrie	author	Theodore Dreiser
The Accidental Tourist	author	Anne Tyler
Lamb: The Gospel According to Biff, Christ's Childhood Pal	author	Christopher Moore
The Remains of the Day	author	Kazuo Ishiguro
Crime and Punishment	author	Fyodor Dostoyevsky
The Martian Way and Other Stories	author	Isaac Asimov
When God Was a Woman	author	Merlin Stone
The Long Dark Tea-Time of the Soul	author	Douglas Adams
Faith of Our Fathers	author	Philip K. Dick
The Road to Wigan Pier	author	George Orwell
Etymologiae	author	Isidore of Seville
Damage	author	Josephine Hart
Imperial Earth	author	Arthur C. Clarke
The Railway Children	author	E. Nesbit
The Masque of the Red Death	author	Edgar Allan Poe
Dangerous Visions	author	Edited by Harlan Ellison
Chocolat	author	Joanne Harris
The Ghost Road	author	Pat Barker
Rosemary's Baby	author	Ira Levin
This Perfect Day	author	Ira Levin
The Boys from Brazil	author	Ira Levin
A Descent into the Maelström	author	Edgar Allan Poe
The Ego and Its Own	author	Max Stirner
The Purloined Letter	author	Edgar Allan Poe
The Murders in the Rue Morgue	author	Edgar Allan Poe
Apache Subversion	author	CollabNet
The Canon of Medicine	author	Avicenna
A Hunger Artist	author	Franz Kafka
Amadís de Gaula	author	Garci Rodríguez de Montalvo
The Tale of Genji	author	Murasaki Shikibu
Evolution	author	Ximian
Master and Commander	author	Patrick O'Brian
The Devil and Daniel Webster	author	Steven Vincent Benét
Acme	author	Rob Pike
The End of Eternity	author	Isaac Asimov
Rsync	author	Andrew Tridgell, Paul Mackerras
Le Ton beau de Marot	author	Douglas Hofstadter
The Newcomes	author	William Makepeace Thackeray
Heechee	author	Frederik Pohl
Boys Over Flowers	author	Yoko Kamio
Little Dorrit	author	Charles Dickens
Great Expectations	author	Charles Dickens
JoJo's Bizarre Adventure	author	Hirohiko Araki
JoJo's Bizarre Adventure	author	Otsuichi
JoJo's Bizarre Adventure	author	Kouhei Kadono
JoJo's Bizarre Adventure	author	Nisio Isin
JoJo's Bizarre Adventure	author	Ōtarō Maijō
The Cat in the Hat	author	Dr. Seuss
A Man Called Horse	author	Dorothy M. Johnson
Where Angels Fear to Tread	author	E. M. Forster
Shulchan Aruch	author	Joseph ben Ephraim Karo
Fruits Basket	author	Natsuki Takaya
Midnight's Children	author	Salman Rushdie
Shame	author	Salman Rushdie
The Keys of the Kingdom	author	A. J. Cronin
Trent's Last Case	author	Edmund Clerihew Bentley
I, Libertine	author	Frederick R. Ewing
%22—And He Built a Crooked House—%22	author	Robert A. Heinlein
Riders of the Purple Wage	author	Philip José Farmer
Waverley	author	Sir Walter Scott
The Vampire Lestat	author	Anne Rice
The Tale of the Body Thief	author	Anne Rice
Memnoch the Devil	author	Anne Rice
The Farther Adventures of Robinson Crusoe	author	Daniel Defoe
The 120 Days of Sodom	author	Marquis de Sade
Walden Two	author	B. F. Skinner
War and Peace	author	Leo Tolstoy
On the Beach	author	Nevil Shute
The Crying of Lot 49	author	Thomas Pynchon
La Conquête de Plassans	author	Émile Zola
Son Excellence Eugène Rougon	author	Émile Zola
The Fortune of the Rougons	author	Émile Zola
L'Argent	author	Émile Zola
La Curée	author	Émile Zola
Jack of Shadows	author	Roger Zelazny
The Amazing 3	author	Osamu Tezuka
Unnatural Death	author	Dorothy L. Sayers
Whose Body%3F	author	Dorothy L. Sayers
The Unpleasantness at the Bellona Club	author	Dorothy L. Sayers
Clouds of Witness	author	Dorothy L. Sayers
Strong Poison	author	Dorothy L. Sayers
Have His Carcase	author	Dorothy L. Sayers
The Nine Tailors	author	Dorothy L. Sayers
Busman's Honeymoon	author	Dorothy L. Sayers
The Five Red Herrings	author	Dorothy L. Sayers
Thrones, Dominations	author	Dorothy L. Sayers
Thrones, Dominations	author	also Jill Paton Walsh
Light in August	author	William Faulkner
Zdravljica	author	France Prešeren
Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix	author	J. K. Rowling
Wiktionary	author	Jimmy Wales and the Wikimedia community
Urusei Yatsura	author	Rumiko Takahashi
Consciousness Explained	author	Daniel Dennett
Exim	author	Philip Hazel
The Logic of Scientific Discovery	author	Karl Popper
Romance of the Three Kingdoms	author	Luo Guanzhong
Ibiblio	author	University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill and Sun Microsystems
The Dragon in the Sea	author	Frank Herbert
Destination: Void	author	Frank Herbert
Whipping Star	author	Frank Herbert
The Dosadi Experiment	author	Frank Herbert
Martian Successor Nadesico	author	Kia Asamiya
Yu Yu Hakusho	author	Yoshihiro Togashi
The Transparent Society	author	David Brin
The Poisoned Chocolates Case	author	Anthony Berkeley
Vurt	author	Jeff Noon
Fast Food Nation	author	Eric Schlosser
The Dice Man	author	Luke Rhinehart
The Search for the Dice Man	author	Luke Rhinehart
Adventures of Wim	author	Luke Rhinehart
Anna Karenina	author	Leo Tolstoy
Theatrum Orbis Terrarum	author	Abraham Ortelius
The Red House Mystery	author	A. A. Milne
High Fidelity	author	Nick Hornby
Dreamcatcher	author	Stephen King
Leaves of Grass	author	Walt Whitman
Foucault's Pendulum	author	Umberto Eco
Madame Bovary	author	Gustave Flaubert
Chitty-Chitty-Bang-Bang	author	Ian Fleming
Oliver Twist	author	Charles Dickens
East of Eden	author	John Steinbeck
The Old Man and the Sea	author	Ernest Hemingway
Isabelle	author	Lawrence Paulson
The Spy Who Came in from the Cold	author	John le Carré
The Children of Men	author	P. D. James
The Heart Is a Lonely Hunter	author	Carson McCullers
The Fixer	author	Bernard Malamud
The Postman	author	David Brin
The Phantom of the Opera	author	Gaston Leroux
Murder on the Orient Express	author	Agatha Christie
A Night of Serious Drinking	author	René Daumal
Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets	author	J. K. Rowling
Billy Liar	author	Keith Waterhouse
The Wiki Way	author	Bo Leuf
The Wiki Way	author	Ward Cunningham
Mobile Suit Gundam: Char's Counterattack	author	Yoshiyuki Tomino
American Psycho	author	Bret Easton Ellis
Kalimantaan	author	C. S. Godshalk
The Future of Ideas	author	Lawrence Lessig
The City of the Sun	author	Tommaso Campanella
Flare	author	Roger Zelazny and Thomas Thurston Thomas
Creatures of Light and Darkness	author	Roger Zelazny
The Handmaid's Tale	author	Margaret Atwood
Middlemarch	author	George Eliot
The Pearl	author	John Steinbeck
Barchester Towers	author	Anthony Trollope
Our Man in Havana	author	Graham Greene
Open Site	author	Michael J. Flickinger
Advanced Linux Sound Architecture	author	Jaroslav Kysela
Open Sound System	author	Hannu Savolainen
East Wind: West Wind	author	Pearl S. Buck
Drupal	author	Dries Buytaert
Agenda 21	author	United Nations
Thiotimoline	author	Isaac Asimov
I, Claudius	author	Robert Graves
P.S. Your Cat Is Dead	author	James Kirkwood, Jr.
Treasure Island	author	Robert Louis Stevenson
Steppenwolf	author	Hermann Hesse
Gray's Anatomy	author	Henry Gray
Seitsemän veljestä	author	Aleksis Kivi
Goldfinger	author	Ian Fleming
Under the Volcano	author	Malcolm Lowry
Ironweed	author	William J. Kennedy
Girl, Interrupted	author	Susanna Kaysen
Small Gods	author	Terry Pratchett
Jingo	author	Terry Pratchett
The Pursuit of Love	author	Nancy Mitford
Metamagical Themas	author	Douglas Hofstadter
Moonraker	author	Ian Fleming
Before Night Falls	author	Reinaldo Arenas
Sophie's Choice	author	William Styron
The Extended Phenotype	author	Richard Dawkins
Season of the Jew	author	Maurice Shadbolt
InterNetNews	author	Rich Salz
The Anxiety of Influence	author	Harold Bloom
Mobile Suit Zeta Gundam	author	Hiroyuki Kitazume
FLCL	author	Yoji Enokido
FLCL	author	Hajime Ueda
Magic Knight Rayearth	author	Clamp
The White Plague	author	Frank Herbert
The Pilgrim's Progress	author	John Bunyan
The Santaroga Barrier	author	Frank Herbert
Goodbye, Columbus	author	Philip Roth
The Anatomy of Melancholy	author	Robert Burton
The Tale of Genji	author	Waki Yamato
Red Storm Rising	author	Tom Clancy
God's Debris	author	Scott Adams
Lady Chatterley's Lover	author	D. H. Lawrence
Make	author	Stuart Feldman
The Sorrows of Young Werther	author	Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Linux Router Project	author	Dave Cinege
Existentialism and Humanism	author	Jean-Paul Sartre
The History of Tom Jones, a Foundling	author	Henry Fielding
Tlön, Uqbar, Orbis Tertius	author	Jorge Luis Borges
The Call of Cthulhu	author	H. P. Lovecraft
The Fall	author	Albert Camus
The Golden Hour	author	Maiya Williams
A Study of History	author	Arnold J. Toynbee
The Quiet Earth	author	Craig Harrison
Inside the Third Reich	author	Albert Speer
The Phantom Tollbooth	author	Norton Juster
Les Fleurs du mal	author	Charles Baudelaire
Future Shock	author	Alvin Toffler
The Myth of Mental Illness	author	Thomas Szasz
The Hundred and One Dalmatians	author	Dodie Smith
A Philosophical Investigation	author	Philip Kerr
SPICE	author	Laurence Nagel
The Tortilla Curtain	author	T. C. Boyle
The Fountainhead	author	Ayn Rand
Invisible Cities	author	Italo Calvino
The Last Continent	author	Terry Pratchett
Berserker	author	Fred Saberhagen
The Constant Nymph	author	Margaret Kennedy
Contact	author	Carl Sagan
A Devil's Chaplain	author	Richard Dawkins
American Gods	author	Neil Gaiman
Marmalade Boy	author	Wataru Yoshizumi
Marmalade Boy	author	Yumi Kageyama
Stardust	author	Neil Gaiman
The Snowman	author	Raymond Briggs
World on Fire	author	Amy Chua
The Sword in the Stone	author	T. H. White
Sidereus Nuncius	author	Galileo Galilei
BerliOS	author	www.fokus.fraunhofer.de
Necessary Illusions	author	Noam Chomsky
Children of the Mind	author	Orson Scott Card
Time Slave	author	John Norman
The Silver Chalice	author	Thomas B. Costain
Thus Spoke Zarathustra	author	Friedrich Nietzsche
Slaughterhouse-Five	author	Kurt Vonnegut
The Catcher in the Rye	author	J. D. Salinger
The Name of the Rose	author	Umberto Eco
Mason & Dixon	author	Thomas Pynchon
The Member of the Wedding	author	Carson McCullers
Dpkg	author	Ian Murdock
Burr	author	Gore Vidal
Magnificent Obsession	author	Lloyd C. Douglas
V.	author	Thomas Pynchon
Shōgun	author	James Clavell
Samguk Sagi	author	Kim Busik
Records of the Grand Historian	author	Sima Qian
Goodnight Moon	author	Margaret Wise Brown
Dictionary of American Naval Fighting Ships	author	James L. Mooney
Portnoy's Complaint	author	Philip Roth
Eugene Onegin	author	Alexander Pushkin
Compilers: Principles, Techniques, and Tools	author	Alfred V. Aho, Monica S. Lam, Ravi Sethi, and Jeffrey D. Ullman
Elbow Room	author	Daniel Dennett
The Adventures of Captain Underpants	author	Dav Pilkey
Harrison Bergeron	author	Kurt Vonnegut
The Rowan	author	Anne McCaffrey
The Battle of the River Plate	author	Michael Powell
Andromeda	author	Ivan Yefremov
Leviathan	author	Thomas Hobbes
The Nine Nations of North America	author	Joel Garreau
The Bad Seed	author	William March
Ecotopia	author	Ernest Callenbach
Sibelius	author	Ben Finn
Sibelius	author	Jonathan Finn
Magic Tree House	author	Mary Pope Osborne
The Turner Diaries	author	William Luther Pierce
Life, the Universe and Everything	author	Douglas Adams
Macaulay computer algebra system	author	Dave Bayer, Michael Stillman
Meetings with Remarkable Men	author	G. I. Gurdjieff
Beelzebub's Tales to His Grandson	author	George Gurdjieff
Stupid White Men	author	Michael Moore
The Emperor's New Clothes	author	Hans Christian Andersen
Being and Nothingness	author	Jean-Paul Sartre
The Library of Babel	author	Jorge Luis Borges
The Mind's I	author	Douglas R. Hofstadter
The Mind's I	author	Daniel Clement Dennett
Pebble in the Sky	author	Isaac Asimov
Dred: A Tale of the Great Dismal Swamp	author	Harriet Beecher Stowe
The Best Democracy Money Can Buy	author	Greg Palast
The Tenant of Wildfell Hall	author	Anne Brontë
Hamtaro	author	Ritsuko Kawai
Uncle Tungsten	author	Oliver Sacks
A Canticle for Leibowitz	author	Walter M. Miller, Jr.
The Tell-Tale Heart	author	Edgar Allan Poe
Ender's Shadow	author	Orson Scott Card
The Encyclopedia of Science Fiction	author	Peter Nicholls
The Encyclopedia of Science Fiction	author	John Clute
The Encyclopedia of Science Fiction	author	David Langford from 2011
Cards on the Table	author	Agatha Christie
777 and Other Qabalistic Writings of Aleister Crowley	author	Aleister Crowley
Nickel and Dimed	author	Barbara Ehrenreich
The General	author	C.S. Forester
The Gambler	author	Fyodor Dostoyevsky
The Bell Jar	author	Sylvia Plath
Jude the Obscure	author	Thomas Hardy
Internet Junkbuster	author	Junkbusters Corporation
Democracy in America	author	Alexis de Tocqueville
The Giver	author	Lois Lowry
Neanderthals, Bandits and Farmers	author	Colin Tudge
The Jungle Book	author	Rudyard Kipling
A Solitary Grief	author	Bernice Rubens
The Prince and the Pauper	author	Mark Twain
Xenocide	author	Orson Scott Card
Sourcery	author	Terry Pratchett
It Can't Happen Here	author	Sinclair Lewis
My Brilliant Career	author	Miles Franklin
Ain't It Cool News	author	Harry Knowles
Seven Years in Tibet	author	Heinrich Harrer
Fanny Hill	author	John Cleland
The Restaurant at the End of the Universe	author	Douglas Adams
In the Penal Colony	author	Franz Kafka
Sexual Personae	author	Camille Paglia
The Birth of Tragedy	author	Friedrich Nietzsche
The Teenage Liberation Handbook	author	Grace Llewellyn
The Music of Erich Zann	author	H. P. Lovecraft
The Cats of Ulthar	author	H. P. Lovecraft
The Terrible Old Man	author	H. P. Lovecraft
Shakespeare's sonnets	author	William Shakespeare
The Rebel Angels	author	Robertson Davies
Project Management Body of Knowledge	author	Project Management Institute
Macrolife	author	George Zebrowski
Apologia Pro Vita Sua	author	John Henry Newman
Adobe PageMaker	author	Aldus
Till We Have Faces	author	C. S. Lewis
The Moonstone	author	Wilkie Collins
Heidi	author	Johanna Spyri
That Hideous Strength	author	C. S. Lewis
In Cold Blood	author	Truman Capote
The Sleeping Beauty Quartet	author	Anne Rice
VALIS	author	Philip K. Dick
The Legacy of Heorot	author	Larry Niven, Jerry Pournelle and Steven Barnes
The Heart of the Matter	author	Graham Greene
The Man Who Awoke	author	Lawrence Manning
The Genesis Quest	author	Donald Moffitt
Zend Engine	author	Andi Gutmans
Zend Engine	author	Zeev Suraski
Anabasis	author	Xenophon
Arrow in the Blue	author	Arthur Koestler
Horrible Histories	author	Terry Deary
Horrible Histories	author	Peter Hepplewhite
Drudge Report	author	Matt Drudge
Hacking Matter	author	Wil McCarthy
Nigger: An Autobiography by Dick Gregory	author	Dick Gregory, with Robert Lipsyte
Critique of Dialectical Reason	author	Jean-Paul Sartre
ScummVM	author	Ludvig Strigeus
Marathon Man	author	William Goldman
Astro Boy	author	Osamu Tezuka
Kimba the White Lion	author	Osamu Tezuka
Rurouni Kenshin	author	Nobuhiro Watsuki
Oracle Encyclopædia	author	R. W. Egerton Eastwick
Executive Orders	author	Tom Clancy
Bias: A CBS Insider Exposes How the Media Distort the News	author	Bernard Goldberg
Common Sense	author	Thomas Paine
The Velveteen Rabbit	author	Margery Williams
Consilience	author	E. O. Wilson
Just William	author	Richmal Crompton
Au Bonheur des Dames	author	Émile Zola
The Second Jungle Book	author	Rudyard Kipling
Absalom, Absalom!	author	William Faulkner
Brideshead Revisited	author	Evelyn Waugh
The Collector	author	John Fowles
King Solomon's Carpet	author	Barbara Vine
Uncle and His Detective	author	J. P. Martin
FFmpeg	author	Fabrice Bellard
Uncle Cleans Up	author	J. P. Martin
Planet of the Apes	author	Pierre Boulle
JSTOR	author	Andrew W. Mellon Foundation
The Small House at Allington	author	Anthony Trollope
Tree and Leaf	author	J. R. R. Tolkien
The Bungalow Mystery	author	Carolyn Keene
Framley Parsonage	author	Anthony Trollope
The Three Musketeers	author	Alexandre Dumas
The Three Musketeers	author	(in collaboration with Auguste Maquet)
Nine Stories	author	J. D. Salinger
Shooting an Elephant	author	George Orwell
Susannah of the Mounties	author	Muriel Denison
The Prime of Miss Jean Brodie	author	Muriel Spark
Prozac Nation	author	Elizabeth Wurtzel
2channel	author	Hiroyuki Nishimura
Apple Store	author	Apple Inc.
Death in the Clouds	author	Agatha Christie
The Mysterious Affair at Styles	author	Agatha Christie
Sweep	author	Cate Tiernan
Hypnerotomachia Poliphili	author	Francesco Colonna
XDM	author	Keith Packard
The Invincible	author	Stanislaw Lem
Mrs Dalloway	author	Virginia Woolf
Principles of Economics	author	Carl Menger
Everything's Eventual	author	Stephen King
The Pianist	author	Wladyslaw Szpilman
Sleeping Murder	author	Agatha Christie
Parallel Virtual Machine	author	Oak Ridge National Laboratory
Battle Royale	author	Koushun Takami
Unfinished Tales	author	J. R. R. Tolkien
Unfinished Tales	author	edited by Christopher Tolkien
Crooked House	author	Agatha Christie
Joseph Andrews	author	Henry Fielding
Great Teacher Onizuka	author	Tooru Fujisawa
Great Teacher Onizuka	author	Tohru Fujisawa
Pango	author	Owen Taylor
Pango	author	Raph Levien
A Study in Scarlet	author	Arthur Conan Doyle
Phineas Finn	author	Anthony Trollope
Cranford	author	Elizabeth Gaskell
Wives and Daughters	author	Elizabeth Gaskell
Beyond the Limits	author	Donella Meadows
Beyond the Limits	author	Dennis Meadows
Beyond the Limits	author	Jorgen Randers
Glue	author	Irvine Welsh
Travels with My Aunt	author	Graham Greene
Ann Veronica	author	H. G. Wells
Glimpses of World History	author	Jawaharlal Nehru
Amaravati Kathalu	author	Satyam Sankaramanchi
Little Lord Fauntleroy	author	Frances Hodgson Burnett
The Expedition of Humphry Clinker	author	Tobias Smollett
Inform	author	Graham Nelson
The Lover	author	Marguerite Duras
Voices of a Distant Star	author	Makoto Shinkai
Lorna Doone	author	R. D. Blackmore
The Sound and the Fury	author	William Faulkner
The Duke's Children	author	Anthony Trollope
Phineas Redux	author	Anthony Trollope
Daniel Deronda	author	George Eliot
Nine Princes in Amber	author	Roger Zelazny
The Hand of Oberon	author	Roger Zelazny
The Guns of Avalon	author	Roger Zelazny
The Courts of Chaos	author	Roger Zelazny
Sign of the Unicorn	author	Roger Zelazny
Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance	author	Robert M. Pirsig
The Quest for Fire	author	J.-H. Rosny
Kare Kano	author	Masami Tsuda
The Joy of Sex	author	Alex Comfort
Roadmarks	author	Roger Zelazny
Lord of Light	author	Roger Zelazny
Mishnah Berurah	author	Rabbi Yisrael Meir Kagan
The BFG	author	Roald Dahl
The Tommyknockers	author	Stephen King
Anarchy in Action	author	Colin Ward
Naruto	author	Masashi Kishimoto
Naruto	author	Masashi Kishimoto
Naruto	author	Ukyō Kodachi
253	author	Geoff Ryman
Journey to the West	author	Wu Cheng'en
Lost Boys	author	Orson Scott Card
The Eustace Diamonds	author	Anthony Trollope
The Old Wives' Tale	author	Arnold Bennett
Anna of the Five Towns	author	Arnold Bennett
Trainspotting	author	Irvine Welsh
Laughing Gas	author	P. G. Wodehouse
Anthem	author	Ayn Rand
We	author	Yevgeny Zamyatin
Hikaru no Go	author	Yumi Hotta
Migraine	author	Oliver Sacks
Without Remorse	author	Tom Clancy
Democracy: An American Novel	author	Henry Brooks Adams
Ode to a Nightingale	author	John Keats
AOLserver	author	NaviSoft
The Black Tulip	author	Alexandre Dumas, père
Cujo	author	Stephen King
Ardour	author	Paul Davis
Human Action	author	Ludwig von Mises
More Joy in Heaven	author	Morley Callaghan
The Universe in a Nutshell	author	Stephen Hawking
Lonesome Dove	author	Larry McMurtry
Warring States	author	Mags L Halliday
Vandread	author	Takeshi Mori
The British Museum Is Falling Down	author	David Lodge
The Practice Effect	author	David Brin
Speed Racer	author	Tatsuo Yoshida
BibTeX	author	Oren Patashnik
BibTeX	author	Leslie Lamport
The History Man	author	Malcolm Bradbury
WASTE	author	Justin Frankel
The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People	author	Stephen Covey
The Turn of the Screw	author	Henry James
The French Lieutenant's Woman	author	John Fowles
Shadow of the Hegemon	author	Orson Scott Card
Internet Speculative Fiction Database	author	Al von Ruff and Ahasuerus
Or	author	Søren Kierkegaard
Frindle	author	Andrew Clements
Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them	author	J. K. Rowling
My Family and Other Animals	author	Gerald Durrell
The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe	author	C. S. Lewis
Prince Caspian	author	C. S. Lewis
The Diary of a Nobody	author	George and Weedon Grossmith
The Language Instinct	author	Steven Pinker
Primary Colors	author	\
Primary Colors	author	later revealed as Joe Klein
The Murder of Roger Ackroyd	author	Agatha Christie
A Moveable Feast	author	Ernest Hemingway
The A.B.C. Murders	author	Agatha Christie
A Theory of Justice	author	John Rawls
Crossing the Chasm	author	Geoffrey Moore
The Futurological Congress	author	Stanisław Lem
Euclid's Elements	author	Euclid, and translators
Angela's Ashes	author	Frank McCourt
Oscar and Lucinda	author	Peter Carey
Zodiac	author	Neal Stephenson
Jay's Journal	author	Anonymous
Their Eyes Were Watching God	author	Zora Neale Hurston
From the Earth to the Moon	author	Jules Verne
Underworld	author	Don DeLillo
Seven Pillars of Wisdom	author	T. E. Lawrence
The Oath	author	Elie Wiesel
The Difference Engine	author	William Gibson and Bruce Sterling
Testament of Youth	author	Vera Brittain
Ethan of Athos	author	Lois McMaster Bujold
The Blind Assassin	author	Margaret Atwood
Microsoft Agent	author	Microsoft
Red Harvest	author	Dashiell Hammett
Mommie Dearest	author	Christina Crawford
Who Moved My Cheese%3F	author	Spencer Johnson
God & Golem, Inc.	author	Norbert Wiener
Lord Edgware Dies	author	Agatha Christie
The Mirror Crack'd from Side to Side	author	Agatha Christie
Captain Corelli's Mandolin	author	Louis de Bernières
The Hotel New Hampshire	author	John Irving
The Bridge	author	Iain Banks
Turn A Gundam	author	Yoshiyuki Tomino
Turn A Gundam	author	Akira Yasuda
Fancy Lala	author	Rurika Kasuga
Mobile Fighter G Gundam	author	Kōichi Tokita
Mobile Fighter G Gundam	author	Yasuhiro Imagawa
Dhalgren	author	Samuel R. Delany
The Scar	author	China Miéville
Fear and Trembling	author	Søren Kierkegaard
Black Jack	author	Osamu Tezuka
Princess Tutu	author	Mizuo Shinonome
Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban	author	J. K. Rowling
Cold Comfort Farm	author	Stella Gibbons
Household Words	author	Editor: Charles Dickens
Crest of the Stars	author	Hiroyuki Morioka
Finale	author	Phil Farrand
Gravity's Rainbow	author	Thomas Pynchon
LDraw	author	LEGO and James Jessiman
Hatter's Castle	author	A. J. Cronin
Honō no Tenkōsei	author	Kazuhiko Shimamoto
Death in Venice	author	Thomas Mann
Effi Briest	author	Theodor Fontane
Buddenbrooks	author	Thomas Mann
Wish	author	Clamp
The Day of the Jackal	author	Frederick Forsyth
Salon	author	David Talbot
Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire	author	J. K. Rowling
The Egyptian	author	Mika Waltari
A Presumption of Death	author	Jill Paton Walsh
Sam	author	Rob Pike
A Tenured Professor	author	John Kenneth Galbraith
Trumps of Doom	author	Roger Zelazny
Dream of the Red Chamber	author	Cao Xueqin
We Wish to Inform You That Tomorrow We Will Be Killed with Our Families	author	Philip Gourevitch
SciPy	author	Travis Oliphant, Pearu Peterson, Eric Jones
Nice Work	author	David Lodge
The Haunted Mask	author	R. L. Stine
Wikiquote	author	Jimmy Wales and the Wikimedia Community
List of Nikola Tesla patents	author	Jim Glenn
Naked Lunch	author	William S. Burroughs
Excel Saga	author	Rikdo Koshi
Pattern Recognition	author	William Gibson
Desperation	author	Stephen King
A Gift Upon the Shore	author	M. K. Wren
The Chrysalids	author	John Wyndham
Who Goes There%3F	author	John W. Campbell, Jr
Strong Motion	author	Jonathan Franzen
Blood of Amber	author	Roger Zelazny
Sign of Chaos	author	Roger Zelazny
Knight of Shadows	author	Roger Zelazny
Porno	author	Irvine Welsh
Prince of Chaos	author	Roger Zelazny
Save Me the Waltz	author	Zelda Fitzgerald
The Love of the Last Tycoon	author	F. Scott Fitzgerald
It	author	Stephen King
Stellvia	author	Ryo Akitsuki
Angry Candy	author	Harlan Ellison
The Amazing Maurice and his Educated Rodents	author	Terry Pratchett
Permutation City	author	Greg Egan
Quidditch Through the Ages	author	J. K. Rowling
Fieldwork	author	Mischa Berlinski
Tsubasa: Reservoir Chronicle	author	Clamp
Core War	author	D. G. Jones & A. K. Dewdney
C++Builder	author	Borland
C++Builder	author	CodeGear
Visual Component Library	author	Borland
The Wee Free Men	author	Terry Pratchett
Strata	author	Terry Pratchett
The Dark Side of the Sun	author	Terry Pratchett
Bluebeard	author	Kurt Vonnegut
Soul Music	author	Terry Pratchett
Tirant lo Blanch	author	Joanot Martorell
Tirant lo Blanch	author	Martí Joan de Galba
Fever Pitch	author	Nick Hornby
How to Be Good	author	Nick Hornby
Thunderball	author	Ian Fleming
India Unbound	author	Gurcharan Das
Principles of Compiler Design	author	Alfred V. Aho, and Jeffrey D. Ullman
The Scarlet Letter	author	Nathaniel Hawthorne
Two Years Before the Mast	author	Richard Henry Dana, Jr.
Magical Shopping Arcade Abenobashi	author	Satoru Akahori
Azumanga Daioh	author	Kiyohiko Azuma
The Silent Service	author	Kaiji Kawaguchi
The G-String Murders	author	Gypsy Rose Lee or possibly ghost-written by Craig Rice
The Leopard Man's Story	author	Jack London
Lupin the Third	author	Monkey Punch
The Alexandria Quartet	author	Lawrence Durrell
Mrs Craddock	author	William Somerset Maugham
Berserk	author	Kentaro Miura
Hideous Kinky	author	Esther Freud
Elite	author	Robert Holdstock
Myra Breckinridge	author	Gore Vidal
Operation Shylock	author	Philip Roth
Virginia	author	Ellen Glasgow
Dragon Half	author	Ryūsuke Mita
Kanon	author	Key
You Only Live Twice	author	Ian Fleming
The Stand	author	Stephen King
The Man with the Golden Gun	author	Ian Fleming
A.I. Love You	author	Ken Akamatsu
Who Censored Roger Rabbit%3F	author	Gary K. Wolf
The Magic School Bus at the Waterworks	author	Joanna Cole
The Magic School Bus Lost in the Solar System	author	Joanna Cole
The Ugly Duckling	author	Hans Christian Andersen
Walden	author	Henry David Thoreau
Things My Girlfriend and I Have Argued About	author	Mil Millington
Ring for Jeeves	author	P. G. Wodehouse
Gundam Wing: Endless Waltz	author	Kōichi Tokita
Gundam Wing: Endless Waltz	author	Sakura Asagi
Connectix Virtual Game Station	author	Aaron Giles
Analects	author	Disciples of Confucius
Water Margin	author	Shi Nai'an
The Lazarus Effect	author	Frank Herbert and
The Lazarus Effect	author	Bill Ransom
The First Stone	author	Helen Garner
Oblomov	author	Ivan Goncharov
Schild's Ladder	author	Greg Egan
Diaspora	author	Greg Egan
Sex and the City	author	Candace Bushnell
The Murder on the Links	author	Agatha Christie
Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil	author	John Berendt
The Hero with a Thousand Faces	author	Joseph Campbell
Gravitation	author	Maki Murakami
Gravitation	author	Maki Murakami
Case Closed	author	Gosho Aoyama
The Mangy Parrot	author	José Joaquín Fernández de Lizardi
Galaxy Express 999	author	Leiji Matsumoto
Googlebot	author	Google
The Years of Rice and Salt	author	Kim Stanley Robinson
The Fourth Protocol	author	Frederick Forsyth
The Adventures of Tom Bombadil	author	J. R. R. Tolkien
Artemis Fowl: The Eternity Code	author	Eoin Colfer
Downsize This!	author	Michael Moore
The Little Mermaid	author	Hans Christian Andersen
The Electric Kool-Aid Acid Test	author	Tom Wolfe
The Gods Themselves	author	Isaac Asimov
Charlotte's Web	author	E. B. White
The Life and Opinions of Tristram Shandy, Gentleman	author	Laurence Sterne
Gadsby	author	Ernest Vincent Wright
Howl's Moving Castle	author	Diana Wynne Jones
Joy	author	Marsha Hunt
Magic	author	John Ousterhout
JACK Audio Connection Kit	author	Paul Davis, Stéphane Letz
Breakfast of Champions	author	Kurt Vonnegut
Mother Night	author	Kurt Vonnegut
Geographers' A–Z Street Atlas	author	Geographers' A-Z Map Company
The Forbidden Forest	author	Mircea Eliade
Smoke and Mirrors	author	Neil Gaiman
I Am Mary Dunne	author	Brian Moore
Overman King Gainer	author	Yoshiyuki Tomino
Mobile Suit Gundam: The 08th MS Team	author	Umanosuke Iida
Freedom Evolves	author	Daniel Dennett
Movable Type	author	Benjamin Trott
Rainbow Six	author	Tom Clancy
Jasmine	author	Bharati Mukherjee
Far from the Madding Crowd	author	Thomas Hardy
Vineland	author	Thomas Pynchon
Hallowe'en Party	author	Agatha Christie
The Destiny of The Mother Church	author	Bliss Knapp
Empire of the Sun	author	J. G. Ballard
Lies and the Lying Liars Who Tell Them	author	Al Franken
AMBER	author	Peter Kollman, David Case, Tom Cheatham, Ken Merz, Adrian Roitberg, Carlos Simmerling, Ray Luo, Junmei Wang, Ross Walker
Photon	author	Hiroshi Kanno
Luminous	author	Greg Egan
Maurice	author	E. M. Forster
Nullsoft Scriptable Install System	author	Nullsoft
The Road Ahead	author	Bill Gates, with Nathan Myhrvold and Peter Rinearson
The Black Obelisk	author	Erich Maria Remarque
The Ice Storm	author	Rick Moody
Three Comrades	author	Erich Maria Remarque
Iron John: A Book About Men	author	Robert Bly
Aspects of Love	author	David Garnett
The Imitation of Christ	author	Thomas à Kempis
The Forever War	author	Joe Haldeman
The Goal	author	Eliyahu M. Goldratt
Bambi, a Life in the Woods	author	Felix Salten
Robots and Empire	author	Isaac Asimov
Foundation	author	Isaac Asimov
Second Foundation	author	Isaac Asimov
Urotsukidōji	author	Toshio Maeda
Unsafe at Any Speed	author	Ralph Nader
Wolf's Rain	author	Keiko Nobumoto
PiHKAL	author	Alexander and Ann Shulgin
The Vicomte of Bragelonne: Ten Years Later	author	Alexandre Dumas
The Vicomte of Bragelonne: Ten Years Later	author	(in collaboration with Auguste Maquet)
Twenty Years After	author	Alexandre Dumas
Logan's Run	author	William F. Nolan
Logan's Run	author	George Clayton Johnson
Bersirc	author	Jamie Frater
Girlfriend in a Coma	author	Douglas Coupland
The Wanderings of Oisin	author	William Butler Yeats
Schindler's Ark	author	Thomas Keneally
Reasons and Persons	author	Derek Parfit
The Sparrow	author	Mary Doria Russell
Chariots of the Gods%3F	author	Erich von Däniken
Red Rabbit	author	Tom Clancy
Family Matters	author	Rohinton Mistry
The Structure of Scientific Revolutions	author	Thomas S. Kuhn
Sartoris	author	William Faulkner
Babbitt	author	Sinclair Lewis
Amerika	author	Franz Kafka
Vagabond	author	Takehiko Inoue
The Farthest Shore	author	Ursula K. Le Guin
NetKernel	author	HP Laboratories
The Manual	author	The Timelords
The Quiet American	author	Graham Greene
Noli Me Tángere	author	José Rizal
Angel Sanctuary	author	Kaori Yuki
The Robots of Death	author	Terrance Dicks
Feet of Clay	author	Terry Pratchett
The Cask of Amontillado	author	Edgar Allan Poe
Thursbitch	author	Alan Garner
Quo Vadis	author	Henryk Sienkiewicz
Join Me	author	Danny Wallace
Ripley's Game	author	Patricia Highsmith
An American Tragedy	author	Theodore Dreiser
Something Happened	author	Joseph Heller
The Harp in the South	author	Ruth Park
Adobe Dreamweaver	author	Macromedia
Winesburg, Ohio	author	Sherwood Anderson
A Child's History of England	author	Charles Dickens
The General Theory of Employment, Interest and Money	author	John Maynard Keynes
Christine	author	Stephen King
Nova Express	author	William S. Burroughs
Winnie-the-Pooh	author	A. A. Milne
A Portrait of the Artist as a Young Man	author	James Joyce
Take Back Your Government	author	Robert A. Heinlein
Fiasco	author	Stanisław Lem
Zizhi Tongjian	author	Sima Guang et al.
As I Lay Dying	author	William Faulkner
The God of Small Things	author	Arundhati Roy
Invasion of the Dinosaurs	author	Malcolm Hulke
State of Decay	author	Terrance Dicks
Time and the Rani	author	Pip and Jane Baker
The Mark of the Rani	author	Pip and Jane Baker
MediaWiki	author	Magnus Manske
MediaWiki	author	Lee Daniel Crocker
9 Tales of Space and Time	author	edited by Raymond J. Healy
Negima! Magister Negi Magi	author	Ken Akamatsu
Wyrd Sisters	author	Terry Pratchett
Framework	author	Forefront Corporation
Blue Gender	author	Ryōsuke Takahashi
Higher Superstition	author	Paul R. Gross and Norman Levitt
Yu-Gi-Oh!	author	Kazuki Takahashi
Quicksilver	author	Neal Stephenson
Vacuum Diagrams	author	Stephen Baxter
Life on the Mississippi	author	Mark Twain
English Wikipedia	author	Jimmy Wales
English Wikipedia	author	Larry Sanger
Delta and the Bannermen	author	Malcolm Kohll
The Other Wind	author	Ursula K. Le Guin
The Colour of Magic	author	Terry Pratchett
The Light Fantastic	author	Terry Pratchett
Children of the Atom	author	Wilmar Shiras
Wikibooks	author	User Karl Wick and the Wikimedia Community
True Names	author	Vernor Vinge
The Postman Always Rings Twice	author	James M. Cain
Yahoo! Groups	author	Yahoo!
Siddhartha	author	Hermann Hesse
The Bicentennial Man	author	Isaac Asimov
Equal Rites	author	Terry Pratchett
Guards! Guards!	author	Terry Pratchett
Pyramids	author	Terry Pratchett
Foundation and Empire	author	Isaac Asimov
Rights of Man	author	Thomas Paine
The Monkey's Paw	author	W. W. Jacobs
Married Love	author	Marie Stopes
The Sea Hawk	author	Rafael Sabatini
The Master and Margarita	author	Mikhail Bulgakov
The Gold-Bug	author	Edgar Allan Poe
Disgrace	author	J. M. Coetzee
The Lords of Discipline	author	Pat Conroy
Engines of Creation	author	K. Eric Drexler
Out of the Silent Planet	author	C. S. Lewis
The Man Who Mistook His Wife for a Hat	author	Oliver Sacks
Binary File Descriptor library	author	Cygnus Solutions
The Floating Admiral	author	G. K. Chesterton, Agatha Christie, Dorothy L. Sayers, Ronald Knox, Freeman Wills Crofts, etc
The Island of Thirty Coffins	author	Maurice Leblanc
Eric	author	Terry Pratchett
The Sirens of Titan	author	Kurt Vonnegut
Mila 18	author	Leon Uris
Constantine's Sword	author	James P. Carroll
The World Set Free	author	H. G. Wells
How Few Remain	author	Harry Turtledove
Perelandra	author	C. S. Lewis
Robotfindskitten	author	Leonard Richardson
The Dragons of Eden	author	Carl Sagan
Teranesia	author	Greg Egan
Growth Fetish	author	Clive Hamilton
On the Road	author	Jack Kerouac
Man's Search for Meaning	author	Viktor E. Frankl
The Last Hero	author	Terry Pratchett
Vernon God Little	author	DBC Pierre
The Late, Great Planet Earth	author	Hal Lindsey
The Late, Great Planet Earth	author	Carole C. Carlson
Vile Bodies	author	Evelyn Waugh
Gilgamesh the King	author	Robert Silverberg
Roma Eterna	author	Robert Silverberg
Terminus	author	Stephen Gallagher
Paradise Towers	author	Stephen Wyatt
Lila: An Inquiry into Morals	author	Robert M. Pirsig
Rational ClearCase	author	Atria Software
The Emerald City of Oz	author	L. Frank Baum
A Door into Ocean	author	Joan Slonczewski
The Robber Bride	author	Margaret Atwood
The Day of the Locust	author	Nathanael West
On Her Majesty's Secret Service	author	Ian Fleming
The Mote in God's Eye	author	Larry Niven
The Mote in God's Eye	author	Jerry Pournelle
Initial D	author	Shuichi Shigeno
Orsinian Tales	author	Ursula K. Le Guin
Understanding Comics	author	Scott McCloud
The Egg and I	author	Betty MacDonald
Critique of Pure Reason	author	Immanuel Kant
Persuasion	author	Jane Austen
Stand on Zanzibar	author	John Brunner
Rubyfruit Jungle	author	Rita Mae Brown
Fallen Dragon	author	Peter F. Hamilton
Delphi	author	Borland
The Sea-Wolf	author	Jack London
Count Zero	author	William Gibson
Mona Lisa Overdrive	author	William Gibson
The Decline of the West	author	Oswald Spengler
Tehanu	author	Ursula K. Le Guin
The Missionary Position: Mother Teresa in Theory and Practice	author	Christopher Hitchens
SCUM Manifesto	author	Valerie Solanas
The Glory of Their Times	author	Lawrence Ritter
Curses, Hexes and Spells	author	Daniel Cohen
The Plague Dogs	author	Richard Adams
A Journal of the Plague Year	author	Daniel Defoe
Moll Flanders	author	Daniel Defoe
Skellig	author	David Almond
Kokoro	author	Natsume Sōseki
Diary of an Ordinary Woman	author	Margaret Forster
The Road to Oz	author	L. Frank Baum
The Last Battle	author	C. S. Lewis
After the Funeral	author	Agatha Christie
A Clergyman's Daughter	author	George Orwell
Burmese Days	author	George Orwell
She: A History of Adventure	author	H. Rider Haggard
Star Maker	author	Olaf Stapledon
Player Piano	author	Kurt Vonnegut
The Loved One	author	Evelyn Waugh
A Town Like Alice	author	Nevil Shute
We the Living	author	Ayn Rand
When HARLIE Was One	author	David Gerrold
D.N.Angel	author	Yukiru Sugisaki
The Call of the Wild	author	Jack London
Caddie Woodlawn	author	Carol Ryrie Brink
The Soft Machine	author	William S. Burroughs
The Autobiography of an Unknown Indian	author	Nirad C. Chaudhuri
Remembrance of the Daleks	author	Ben Aaronovitch
Visions of Cody	author	Jack Kerouac
SHOUTcast	author	Nullsoft
Microsoft Comic Chat	author	Microsoft
One Piece	author	Eiichiro Oda
Germinal	author	Émile Zola
Fushigi Yûgi	author	Yuu Watase
Fushigi Yûgi	author	Megumi Nishizaki
Les Liaisons dangereuses	author	Pierre Choderlos de Laclos
In the First Circle	author	Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn
Max Havelaar	author	Multatuli
The System of the World	author	Neal Stephenson
Change the World Without Taking Power	author	John Holloway
Pet Shop of Horrors	author	Matsuri Akino
The Golden Oecumene	author	John C. Wright
The Good Soldier Švejk	author	Jaroslav Hašek
The Adventures of the Black Girl in Her Search for God	author	George Bernard Shaw
Sketches by Boz	author	Charles Dickens
Singularity Sky	author	Charles Stross
The Americans	author	Robert Frank
The Perfect Storm	author	Sebastian Junger
The Marvelous Land of Oz	author	L. Frank Baum
The Three Doctors	author	Terrance Dicks
Ozma of Oz	author	L. Frank Baum
Prey	author	Michael Crichton
The Tin Woodman of Oz	author	L. Frank Baum
Pierre Menard, Author of the Quixote	author	Jorge Luis Borges
Hackers	author	Edited by Jack Dann and Gardner Dozois
The Exegesis of Philip K. Dick	author	Philip K. Dick
Rocannon's World	author	Ursula K. Le Guin
The Solar System and Back	author	Isaac Asimov
The Secret of the Universe	author	Isaac Asimov
K-9 and Company	author	Terence Dudley
Always Coming Home	author	Ursula K. Le Guin
Tales from Earthsea	author	Ursula K. Le Guin
The Last of the Mohicans	author	James Fenimore Cooper
The History of Rasselas, Prince of Abissinia	author	Samuel Johnson
Saint Seiya	author	Masami Kurumada
Dorothy and the Wizard in Oz	author	L. Frank Baum
Forward the Foundation	author	Isaac Asimov
Os Lusíadas	author	Luís de Camões
Stellarium	author	Fabien Chéreau
Vanity of Duluoz	author	Jack Kerouac
A Confederacy of Dunces	author	John Kennedy Toole
Ramona	author	Helen Hunt Jackson
Tik-Tok of Oz	author	L. Frank Baum
The Truce at Bakura	author	Kathy Tyers
MathWorld	author	Eric W. Weisstein and other contributors
Adobe ColdFusion	author	JJ Allaire
It's a Good Life	author	Jerome Bixby
The Genius and the Goddess	author	Aldous Huxley
The Scarecrow of Oz	author	L. Frank Baum
Balance Point	author	Kathy Tyers
The Old Capital	author	Yasunari Kawabata
Destiny's Way	author	Walter Jon Williams
Little, Big	author	John Crowley
Timequake	author	Kurt Vonnegut
The Neverending Story	author	Michael Ende
Shaman King	author	Hiroyuki Takei
Shaman King	author	Hiroyuki Takei
The Campus Murders	author	Gil Brewer
Madame Butterfly	author	John Luther Long
The Chosen	author	Chaim Potok
Rinkitink in Oz	author	L. Frank Baum
MoOLIT	author	Unix System Laboratories
Godric	author	Frederick Buechner
Arrowsmith	author	Sinclair Lewis
Phase Space	author	Stephen Baxter
The Lost Princess of Oz	author	L. Frank Baum
The Time Ships	author	Stephen Baxter
Evolution	author	Stephen Baxter
Hackers: Heroes of the Computer Revolution	author	Steven Levy
Black Beauty	author	Anna Sewell
Crypto: How the Code Rebels Beat the Government—Saving Privacy in the Digital Age	author	Steven Levy
Vector Prime	author	R. A. Salvatore
The Secret Adversary	author	Agatha Christie
The Thorn Birds	author	Colleen McCullough
NumPy	author	Travis Oliphant
The Magic of Oz	author	L. Frank Baum
Charlie and the Great Glass Elevator	author	Roald Dahl
The Pleasure of the Text	author	Roland Barthes
Moodle	author	Martin Dougiamas
The Inheritors	author	Ford Madox Ford and Joseph Conrad
Moving Pictures	author	Terry Pratchett
Glinda of Oz	author	L. Frank Baum
The Bicentennial Man and Other Stories	author	Isaac Asimov
The Book of Sand	author	Jorge Luis Borges
The Bias Against Guns	author	John Lott
The Story of Mankind	author	Hendrik Willem van Loon
Walk Two Moons	author	Sharon Creech
God Bless You, Mr. Rosewater	author	Kurt Vonnegut
Human Accomplishment	author	Charles Murray
The Rise and Fall of the Third Reich	author	William L. Shirer
The Unknown Soldier	author	Väinö Linna
Main Street	author	Sinclair Lewis
Misery	author	Stephen King
The Monk	author	Matthew Gregory Lewis
Star by Star	author	Troy Denning
MP3.com	author	Michael Robertson
The Wonderful Adventures of Nils	author	Selma Lagerlöf
American Tabloid	author	James Ellroy
QTFairUse	author	Jon Lech Johansen
The Cold Six Thousand	author	James Ellroy
Full Metal Panic!	author	Shoji Gatoh
The Adventure of the Mazarin Stone	author	Arthur Conan Doyle
Down These Mean Streets	author	Piri Thomas
Fifth Business	author	Robertson Davies
International Plant Names Index	author	The Royal Botanic Gardens, Kew, Harvard University Herbarium, and the Australian National Herbarium
Groklaw	author	Pamela Jones
Black Boy	author	Richard Wright
The City and the Pillar	author	Gore Vidal
Tai-Pan	author	James Clavell
Horton Hears a Who!	author	Dr. Seuss
The Final Problem	author	Arthur Conan Doyle
The Adventure of the Empty House	author	Arthur Conan Doyle
Physics Analysis Workstation	author	CERN
'Salem's Lot	author	Stephen King
Steinberg Cubase	author	Steinberg
One Day in the Life of Ivan Denisovich	author	Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn
The Black Dahlia	author	James Ellroy
Invisible Man	author	Ralph Ellison
The Bourne Identity	author	Robert Ludlum
Camera Lucida	author	Roland Barthes
Night	author	Elie Wiesel
The Gripping Hand	author	Larry Niven
The Gripping Hand	author	Jerry Pournelle
Redwall	author	Brian Jacques
Redwall	author	Stuart Moore
Alaska	author	James A. Michener
Forever Peace	author	Joe Haldeman
The Fifth Discipline	author	Peter Senge
Nmap	author	Gordon Lyon
The Mill on the Floss	author	George Eliot
The All-Seeing Eye	author	UDP Soft
Lullaby	author	Chuck Palahniuk
Don't Panic: The Official Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy Companion	author	Neil Gaiman
Don't Panic: The Official Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy Companion	author	David K. Dickson
Don't Panic: The Official Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy Companion	author	M. J. Simpson
Shall the Dust Praise Thee%3F	author	Damon Knight
Mythologies	author	Roland Barthes
The Case for Mars	author	Robert Zubrin
The Case for Mars	author	Richard Wagner
The Case for Mars	author	Arthur C. Clarke
Père Goriot	author	Honoré de Balzac
Lucky Jim	author	Kingsley Amis
Dude, Where's My Country%3F	author	Michael Moore
Yami to Bōshi to Hon no Tabibito	author	Root
They'd Rather Be Right	author	Mark Clifton
They'd Rather Be Right	author	Frank Riley
Texinfo	author	Richard M. Stallman
Texinfo	author	Bob Chassell
Codex Leicester	author	Leonardo da Vinci
For Us, The Living: A Comedy of Customs	author	Robert A. Heinlein
A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur's Court	author	Mark Twain
The Glass Menagerie	author	Tennessee Williams
Broken Angels	author	Richard Morgan
Absolution Gap	author	Alastair Reynolds
The Coronation	author	Boris Akunin
The Dark Tower V: Wolves of the Calla	author	Stephen King
The Kingdom of God Is Within You	author	Leo Tolstoy
The Good Earth	author	Pearl S. Buck
Angelic Layer	author	Clamp
Blues Ain't No Mockin Bird	author	Toni Cade Bambara
The Secret Garden	author	Frances Hodgson Burnett
The Sea, the Sea	author	Iris Murdoch
The Brothel in Rosenstrasse	author	Michael Moorcock
Urpmi	author	Pascal Rigaux
Earth Is Room Enough	author	Isaac Asimov
The Discovery of Heaven	author	Harry Mulisch
Only Begotten Daughter	author	James Morrow
A Prayer for Owen Meany	author	John Irving
This Present Darkness	author	Frank E. Peretti
The Elenium	author	David Eddings
Dragon Kings	author	Timothy Brown
The Tamuli	author	David Eddings
Folding@home	author	Prof. Vijay Pande
The Revolt of the Cockroach People	author	Oscar Zeta Acosta
Autobiography of a Brown Buffalo	author	Oscar Zeta Acosta
1601	author	Mark Twain
The Naked Sun	author	Isaac Asimov
CUPS	author	Michael Sweet
Ceres, Celestial Legend	author	Yuu Watase
Read or Die	author	Hideyuki Kurata
The Man Who Was Thursday	author	G. K. Chesterton
A Simple Plan	author	Scott Smith
Yotsuba&!	author	Kiyohiko Azuma
The Sign of the Four	author	Arthur Conan Doyle
A History of Vodka	author	William Pokhlyobkin
A Scandal in Bohemia	author	Arthur Conan Doyle
City Hunter	author	Tsukasa Hojo
The Monsters and the Critics, and Other Essays	author	J. R. R. Tolkien, ed. Christopher Tolkien
Farewell, My Lovely	author	Raymond Chandler
The Long Goodbye	author	Raymond Chandler
The Malay Dilemma	author	Mahathir bin Mohamad
The Once and Future King	author	T. H. White
Object Windows Library	author	Borland Software Corporation
Relic	author	Lincoln Child
Relic	author	Douglas Preston
Earth in the Balance	author	Al Gore
The Machine Stops	author	E. M. Forster
The Mayor of Casterbridge	author	Thomas Hardy
Life of Pi	author	Yann Martel
Metropolis	author	Osamu Tezuka
All Purpose Cultural Cat Girl Nuku Nuku	author	Yuzo Takada
All Purpose Cultural Cat Girl Nuku Nuku	author	Yuzo Takada
Lone Wolf and Cub	author	Kazuo Koike
The Robots of Dawn	author	Isaac Asimov
The Dangerous Summer	author	Ernest Hemingway
The State and Revolution	author	Vladimir Lenin
Peril at End House	author	Agatha Christie
The Secret of the Old Clock	author	Carolyn Keene
The Hidden Staircase	author	Carolyn Keene
The Underground History of American Education	author	John Taylor Gatto
The Subtle Knife	author	Philip Pullman
Medallions	author	Zofia Nałkowska
The Horse and His Boy	author	C. S. Lewis
The Adventure of Silver Blaze	author	Arthur Conan Doyle
The Story of the Stone	author	Barry Hughart
The Mists of Avalon	author	Marion Zimmer Bradley
The Book of Merlyn	author	T.H. White
XScreenSaver	author	Jamie Zawinski
A Daughter of the Snows	author	Jack London
The Little Lady of the Big House	author	Jack London
The Valley of the Moon	author	Jack London
Martin Eden	author	Jack London
The Star Rover	author	Jack London
The Iron Heel	author	Jack London
At Swim-Two-Birds	author	Flann O'Brien
Slate	author	Michael Kinsley
Rilla of Ingleside	author	Lucy Maud Montgomery
Startide Rising	author	David Brin
The Pickwick Papers	author	Charles Dickens
Fullmetal Alchemist	author	Hiromu Arakawa
Fullmetal Alchemist	author	Makoto Inoue
Skype	author	Priit Kasesalu and Jaan Tallinn
Quarantine	author	Greg Egan
Perfume	author	Patrick Süskind
Rama II	author	Gentry Lee
Rama II	author	Arthur C. Clarke
Prelude to Space	author	Arthur C. Clarke
House of Dolls	author	Yehiel De-Nur
Planet of Exile	author	Ursula K. Le Guin
An Unearthly Child	author	Terrance Dicks
Freedesktop.org	author	Havoc Pennington
The Silver Chair	author	C. S. Lewis
The Voyage of the Dawn Treader	author	C. S. Lewis
Fortress Besieged	author	Qian Zhongshu
Geek Love	author	Katherine Dunn
Black Hawk Down	author	Mark Bowden
City of Illusions	author	Ursula K. Le Guin
Malafrena	author	Ursula K. Le Guin
Literary Machines	author	Ted Nelson
Blood: The Last Vampire	author	Benkyo Tamaoki
Blood: The Last Vampire	author	Mamoru Oshii
The Case for Israel	author	Alan Dershowitz
Passage of Arms	author	Eric Ambler
Touch	author	Mitsuru Adachi
The Emperor's New Mind	author	Roger Penrose
Count Belisarius	author	Robert Graves
The City of God	author	Augustine of Hippo
The Blithedale Romance	author	Nathaniel Hawthorne
Under the Net	author	Iris Murdoch
Mining the Sky	author	John S. Lewis
The War Hound and the World's Pain	author	Michael Moorcock
Things Fall Apart	author	Chinua Achebe
Moneyball	author	Michael Lewis
The Wind Done Gone	author	Alice Randall
Billy Budd	author	Herman Melville
Bleak House	author	Charles Dickens
Domu: A Child's Dream	author	Katsuhiro Otomo
The Atlas of Middle-earth	author	Karen Wynn Fonstad
Bridge to Terabithia	author	Katherine Paterson
Animal Liberation	author	Peter Singer
The Painted Bird	author	Jerzy Kosiński
Tourist Season	author	Carl Hiaasen
Lord Emsworth and Others	author	P. G. Wodehouse
Tigana	author	Guy Gavriel Kay
Centennial	author	James A. Michener
The Red and the Black	author	Stendhal
Underground	author	Haruki Murakami
Pincher Martin	author	William Golding
Chocky	author	John Wyndham
Civilization and Its Discontents	author	Sigmund Freud
Queen: The Story of an American Family	author	Alex Haley
Queen: The Story of an American Family	author	David Stevens
The Coroner's Toolkit	author	Dan Farmer and Wietse Venema
Agnes Grey	author	Anne Brontë
Goodbye, Mickey Mouse	author	Len Deighton
Avida	author	Charles Ofria
Avida	author	Chris Adami
King Leopold's Ghost	author	Adam Hochschild
The Stepford Wives	author	Ira Levin
The Fifth Child	author	Doris Lessing
Anti-Ice	author	Stephen Baxter
Shadow of the Giant	author	Orson Scott Card
A Personal Matter	author	Kenzaburo Oë
Encounter with Tiber	author	Buzz Aldrin
Encounter with Tiber	author	John Barnes
Apache Struts 1	author	Craig McClanahan
Night of the Aurochs	author	Dalton Trumbo
The Stars, Like Dust	author	Isaac Asimov
The Star Trek Encyclopedia	author	Michael Okuda, Denise Okuda, Debbie Mirek
Dancing Barefoot	author	Wil Wheaton
The Swiss Family Robinson	author	Johann David Wyss
Horr	author	Ali Shariati
The Smoking Gun	author	William Bastone and Daniel Green
Zen and the Brain	author	James H. Austin
Slow Learner	author	Thomas Pynchon
The Master of Go	author	Yasunari Kawabata
Schrödinger's Cat Trilogy	author	Robert Anton Wilson
The House of the Dead	author	Fyodor Dostoyevsky
The Legend of Luke	author	Brian Jacques
Dr. Slump	author	Akira Toriyama
To a God Unknown	author	John Steinbeck
Mystic River	author	Dennis Lehane
Saiyuki	author	Kazuya Minekura
Broadcast.com	author	Christopher Jaeb
Broadcast.com	author	Todd Wagner
Broadcast.com	author	Mark Cuban
The Monkey Wrench Gang	author	Edward Abbey
Eurisko	author	Douglas Lenat
Monster Manual II	author	Gary Gygax
Monster Manual II	author	Ed Bonny, Jeff Grubb, Rich Redman, Skip Williams, and Steve Winter
Fiend Folio	author	Eric Cagle, Jesse Decker, James Jacobs, Erik Mona, Matt Sernett, Chris Thomasson, and James Wyatt
Death from a Top Hat	author	Clayton Rawson
The Autumn of the Patriarch	author	Gabriel García Márquez
The Eyre Affair	author	Jasper Fforde
I Am a Cat	author	Natsume Sōseki
Programming Perl	author	Tom Christiansen, brian d foy, Larry Wall, Jon Orwant
Learning Perl	author	Randal L. Schwartz, brian d foy, Tom Phoenix
Swag	author	Elmore Leonard
The Moon and Sixpence	author	William Somerset Maugham
Player's Handbook	author	Gary Gygax
Player's Handbook	author	David %22Zeb%22 Cook
Player's Handbook	author	Monte Cook
Player's Handbook	author	Jonathan Tweet
Player's Handbook	author	Skip Williams
Player's Handbook	author	Rob Heinsoo
Player's Handbook	author	Andy Collins
Player's Handbook	author	James Wyatt
Against Interpretation	author	Susan Sontag
Illness as Metaphor	author	Susan Sontag
Dungeon Master's Guide	author	Monte Cook, Jonathan Tweet, and Skip Williams
Say It with Poison	author	Ann Granger
Synaptic	author	Alfredo Kojima, Gustavo Niemeyer and Michael Vogt
Instapundit	author	Glenn Reynolds
DCOP	author	KDE
Camp Concentration	author	Thomas M. Disch
The Whole Man	author	John Brunner
Cryptographie indéchiffrable	author	Émile Victor Théodore Myszkowski
Silverlock	author	John Myers Myers
Éléments de géométrie algébrique	author	Alexander Grothendieck and Jean Dieudonné
Slam Dunk	author	Takehiko Inoue
Matilda	author	Roald Dahl
The Positronic Man	author	Isaac Asimov and Robert Silverberg
Deities & Demigods	author	Rich Redman, Skip Williams, and James Wyatt
Jumanji	author	Chris Van Allsburg
DNA²	author	Masakazu Katsura
TiHKAL	author	Alexander and Ann Shulgin
The Irresponsible Captain Tylor	author	Hitoshi Yoshioka
No Highway	author	Nevil Shute
Rich Dad Poor Dad	author	Robert Kiyosaki
Rich Dad Poor Dad	author	Sharon Lechter
Ramona	author	Beverly Cleary
Black No More	author	George S. Schuyler
The Wretched of the Earth	author	Frantz Fanon
The Currents of Space	author	Isaac Asimov
Foundation's Fear	author	Gregory Benford
Foundation and Chaos	author	Greg Bear
Foundation's Triumph	author	David Brin
Isaac Asimov's Caliban	author	Roger MacBride Allen
Isaac Asimov's Inferno	author	Roger MacBride Allen
Isaac Asimov's Utopia	author	Roger MacBride Allen
The Complete Robot	author	Isaac Asimov
Robot Dreams	author	Isaac Asimov
Blind Alley	author	Isaac Asimov
Robbie	author	Isaac Asimov
Runaround	author	Isaac Asimov
Reason	author	Isaac Asimov
Catch That Rabbit	author	Isaac Asimov
Liar!	author	Isaac Asimov
Escape!	author	Isaac Asimov
Little Lost Robot	author	Isaac Asimov
Evidence	author	Isaac Asimov
The Evitable Conflict	author	Isaac Asimov
The Rest of the Robots	author	Isaac Asimov
The Feast of the Goat	author	Mario Vargas Llosa
Mother Earth	author	Isaac Asimov
Lost in a Good Book	author	Jasper Fforde
The Story of Civilization	author	Will Durant
The Story of Civilization	author	Ariel Durant
First Meetings	author	Orson Scott Card
The Almanac of American Politics	author	Richard E. Cohen, James A. Barnes, Charlie Cook, Michael Barone
Britain's Road to Socialism	author	Communist Party of Britain
The Glass Bead Game	author	Hermann Hesse
Seven Days in New Crete	author	Robert Graves
The History of Sexuality	author	Michel Foucault
The Satanic Bible	author	Anton LaVey
The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy	author	Douglas Adams
The Adventure of the Bruce-Partington Plans	author	Arthur Conan Doyle
HowStuffWorks	author	Marshall Brain
Yahoo! GeoCities	author	David Bohnett and John Rezner
The Satanic Verses	author	Salman Rushdie
Pure Data	author	Miller Puckette
Galactic Pot-Healer	author	Philip K. Dick
Jennifer Government	author	Max Barry
O Cortiço	author	Aluísio Azevedo
American Pastoral	author	Philip Roth
LINPACK	author	Jack Dongarra, Jim Bunch, Cleve Moler, and Gilbert Stewart
High Score!: The Illustrated History of Electronic Games	author	Rusel DeMaria
High Score!: The Illustrated History of Electronic Games	author	Johnny Lee Wilson
Down to a Sunless Sea	author	David Graham
Undine	author	Friedrich de la Motte Fouqué
The Word of Unbinding	author	Ursula K. Le Guin
The Rule of Names	author	Ursula K. Le Guin
Death in the Afternoon	author	Ernest Hemingway
The Grey King	author	Susan Cooper
Hegemony or Survival	author	Noam Chomsky
The Case of the Constant Suicides	author	John Dickson Carr
The Mystery of the Yellow Room	author	Gaston Leroux
Sand Land	author	Akira Toriyama
Paradise Kiss	author	Ai Yazawa
Gallery Fake	author	Fujihiko Hosono
Le Ventre de Paris	author	Émile Zola
La Faute de l'Abbé Mouret	author	Émile Zola
H2	author	Mitsuru Adachi
Men Are from Mars, Women Are from Venus	author	John Gray
The Spy Who Loved Me	author	Ian Fleming
L'Assommoir	author	Émile Zola
Aim for the Ace!	author	Sumika Yamamoto
Metropolitan	author	Walter Jon Williams
The Hellbound Heart	author	Clive Barker
Five Children and It	author	Edith Nesbit
Valley of the Dolls	author	Jacqueline Susann
Black Cat	author	Kentaro Yabuki
The Rise of Christianity	author	Rodney Stark
K-PAX	author	Gene Brewer
Baby & Me	author	Marimo Ragawa
Dororo	author	Osamu Tezuka
Akagi	author	Nobuyuki Fukumoto
Nana	author	Ai Yazawa
Kakeru	author	Kenjiro Takeshita
XxxHolic	author	Clamp
XxxHolic	author	Nisio Isin
XxxHolic	author	Clamp
The Prince of Tennis	author	Takeshi Konomi
Neighborhood Story	author	Ai Yazawa
Monster	author	Naoki Urasawa
Tenshi Nanka Ja Nai	author	Ai Yazawa
La Blue Girl	author	Toshio Maeda
Hana-Kimi	author	Hisaya Nakajo
Them	author	Joyce Carol Oates
Crayon Shin-chan	author	Yoshito Usui
Video Girl Ai	author	Masakazu Katsura
Video Girl Ai	author	Sukehiro Tomita
3001: The Final Odyssey	author	Arthur C. Clarke
2061: Odyssey Three	author	Arthur C. Clarke
Rama Revealed	author	Arthur C. Clarke and Gentry Lee
At the Mountains of Madness	author	H. P. Lovecraft
The Red-Headed League	author	Arthur Conan Doyle
Maskerade	author	Terry Pratchett
Footfall	author	Larry Niven
Footfall	author	Jerry Pournelle
The Book of Lost Tales	author	J. R. R. Tolkien
Thttpd	author	Jef Poskanzer
The Colour Out of Space	author	H. P. Lovecraft
Shade's Children	author	Garth Nix
NationStates	author	Max Barry
The Bonfire of the Vanities	author	Tom Wolfe
The Genetical Theory of Natural Selection	author	Ronald Fisher
On-Line Encyclopedia of Integer Sequences	author	Neil Sloane
Of Moths and Men	author	Judith Hooper
Ice Station Zebra	author	Alistair MacLean
Saber Marionette J	author	Satoru Akahori
Saber Marionette J	author	Satoru Akahori
The Adventure of the Greek Interpreter	author	Arthur Conan Doyle
The Discovery of India	author	Jawaharlal Nehru
Saturday Night and Sunday Morning	author	Alan Sillitoe
A Case of Identity	author	Arthur Conan Doyle
The Children Act	author	Ian McEwan
The Boscombe Valley Mystery	author	Arthur Conan Doyle
Bobos in Paradise	author	David Brooks
Cairo Trilogy	author	Naguib Mahfouz
Inferno	author	Larry Niven
Inferno	author	Jerry Pournelle
The Bridge of San Luis Rey	author	Thornton Wilder
The Owl Service	author	Alan Garner
Public Opinion	author	Walter Lippmann
The Unix-Haters Handbook	author	*
The Unix-Haters Handbook	author	Simson Garfinkel
The Unix-Haters Handbook	author	* Daniel Weise\n* Steven Strassmann
Last Chance to See	author	Douglas Adams and Mark Carwardine
Baudolino	author	Umberto Eco
The Ugly Little Boy	author	Isaac Asimov
The Ugly Little Boy	author	Isaac Asimov and Robert Silverberg
The Man-eaters of Tsavo	author	John Henry Patterson
The Theory of Moral Sentiments	author	Adam Smith
The Demon-Haunted World	author	Carl Sagan
The Old Men at the Zoo	author	Angus Wilson
A Walk in the Woods	author	Bill Bryson
The Path to the Nest of Spiders	author	Italo Calvino
The Codebreakers	author	David Kahn
In the Country of Last Things	author	Paul Auster
Fist of the North Star	author	Buronson
Kochira Katsushika-ku Kameari Kōen-mae Hashutsujo	author	Osamu Akimoto
Bartleby, the Scrivener	author	Herman Melville
Shikasta	author	Doris Lessing
The Dancing Wu Li Masters	author	Gary Zukav
Down and Out in the Magic Kingdom	author	Cory Doctorow
The Descent of Man, and Selection in Relation to Sex	author	Charles Darwin
River Out of Eden	author	Richard Dawkins
Genome	author	Matt Ridley
I Like Pumpkins	author	Jerry Smath
National Velvet	author	Enid Bagnold
The Wall	author	Jean-Paul Sartre
Queen Emeraldas	author	Leiji Matsumoto
Bury My Heart at Wounded Knee	author	Dee Brown
I Never Promised You a Rose Garden	author	Joanne Greenberg
The Sum of All Fears	author	Tom Clancy
Welcome to the Monkey House	author	Kurt Vonnegut
Island	author	Aldous Huxley
Our Dumb Century	author	The Onion, Scott Dikkers, Mike Loew
Something Fresh	author	P. G. Wodehouse
The Light of Other Days	author	Arthur C. Clarke
The Light of Other Days	author	Stephen Baxter
You're Under Arrest	author	Kōsuke Fujishima
Crafty	author	Dr. Robert Hyatt, Michael Byrne, Tracy Riegle, Peter Skinner
Shredder	author	Stefan Meyer-Kahlen
The Integral Trees	author	Larry Niven
A World Transformed	author	George H. W. Bush
A World Transformed	author	Brent Scowcroft
The Age of Innocence	author	Edith Wharton
What Liberal Media%3F	author	Eric Alterman
Journeys of Frodo	author	Barbara Strachey
With Fire and Sword	author	Henryk Sienkiewicz
Jaws: The Revenge	author	Hank Searls
Sabriel	author	Garth Nix
Lyra's Oxford	author	Philip Pullman
The Amber Spyglass	author	Philip Pullman
The Tao of Pooh	author	Benjamin Hoff
Summer Lightning	author	P. G. Wodehouse
The Case of Charles Dexter Ward	author	H. P. Lovecraft
On Aggression	author	Konrad Lorenz
Riddley Walker	author	Russell Hoban
334	author	Thomas M. Disch
N or M%3F	author	Agatha Christie
Schrödinger's Kittens and the Search for Reality	author	John Gribbin
The Mist	author	Stephen King
The Seven Dials Mystery	author	Agatha Christie
Ronia the Robber's Daughter	author	Astrid Lindgren
Canto General	author	Pablo Neruda
Pet Sematary	author	Stephen King
Firestarter	author	Stephen King
Rage	author	Stephen King
Caribbean	author	James Michener
The Regulators	author	Stephen King under the pseudonym Richard Bachman
The Two Georges	author	Harry Turtledove and Richard Dreyfuss
The Adventure of the Lion's Mane	author	Arthur Conan Doyle
Temple	author	Matthew Reilly
Oryx and Crake	author	Margaret Atwood
The Troll	author	Julia Donaldson
Public Stunts Private Stories	author	Paul Myers
The Man Who Folded Himself	author	David Gerrold
The Four Feathers	author	A. E. W. Mason
Ice Station	author	Matthew Reilly
The Magic Mountain	author	Thomas Mann
The Bridge on the Drina	author	Ivo Andrić
The Castle	author	Franz Kafka
The Castle	author	Malcolm Pasley
Invisible Monsters	author	Chuck Palahniuk
Speak	author	Laurie Halse Anderson
For Your Eyes Only	author	Ian Fleming
Ripley Under Water	author	Patricia Highsmith
The Secret of Chimneys	author	Agatha Christie
The Pelican Brief	author	John Grisham
The Fall of the House of Usher	author	Edgar Allan Poe
Unweaving the Rainbow	author	Richard Dawkins
The Basketball Diaries	author	Jim Carroll
MetaFilter	author	Matthew Haughey
Practical Ethics	author	Peter Singer
The World of Null-A	author	A. E. van Vogt
Interesting Times	author	Terry Pratchett
The Black Arrow: A Tale of the Two Roses	author	Robert Louis Stevenson
The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes	author	Arthur Conan Doyle
Testimony	author	Solomon Volkov , Dmitri Shostakovich
The Art of Unix Programming	author	Eric S. Raymond
I Saw Poland Betrayed	author	Arthur Bliss Lane
Jenny Lives with Eric and Martin	author	Susanne Bösche
The Adventure of Black Peter	author	Arthur Conan Doyle
Drugstore.com	author	Walgreens of Deerfield, Illinois
The Spell Sword	author	Marion Zimmer Bradley
Haré+Guu	author	Renjuro Kindaichi
Haré+Guu	author	Renjuro Kindaichi
Critique of Judgment	author	Immanuel Kant
The Dragon Reborn	author	Robert Jordan
The Fires of Heaven	author	Robert Jordan
The Shadow Rising	author	Robert Jordan
1876	author	Gore Vidal
Development as Freedom	author	Amartya Sen
The Seeds of Death	author	Terrance Dicks
Last of the Curlews	author	Fred Bodsworth
Hacker Culture	author	Douglas Thomas
Reaper Man	author	Terry Pratchett
Men at Arms	author	Terry Pratchett
Hogfather	author	Terry Pratchett
The Vision of the Anointed	author	Thomas Sowell
Thief of Time	author	Terry Pratchett
The Problem of Thor Bridge	author	Arthur Conan Doyle
The Case-Book of Sherlock Holmes	author	Arthur Conan Doyle
The Memoirs of Sherlock Holmes	author	Arthur Conan Doyle
Free Culture	author	Lawrence Lessig
Killing Mr. Griffin	author	Lois Duncan
GameMaker: Studio	author	Mark Overmars
Lemony Snicket: The Unauthorized Autobiography	author	Lemony Snicket
Outlaw Star	author	Takehiko Itō
The Interpretation of Dreams	author	Sigmund Freud
Pokémon Adventures	author	Hidenori Kusaka
Rave Master	author	Hiro Mashima
The Human Factor	author	Kim Vicente
The Last Question	author	Isaac Asimov
The Iron Dragon's Daughter	author	Michael Swanwick
Lord of Chaos	author	Robert Jordan
A Wrinkle in Time	author	Madeleine L'Engle
The Theory of the Leisure Class	author	Thorstein Veblen
The Outsiders	author	S. E. Hinton
The Quest of Erebor	author	J. R. R. Tolkien
The Power and the Glory	author	Graham Greene
The End of the Affair	author	Graham Greene
The Life of the Cosmos	author	Lee Smolin
OpenAL	author	Loki Software
The Idiot	author	Fyodor Dostoyevsky
Tell Me Your Dreams	author	Sidney Sheldon
The Doomsday Conspiracy	author	Sidney Sheldon
Altered Carbon	author	Richard K. Morgan
Death on the Nile	author	Agatha Christie
Planetes	author	Makoto Yukimura
Butsu Zone	author	Hiroyuki Takei
Dot and the Kangaroo	author	Ethel Pedley
Artificial Intelligence: A Modern Approach	author	Stuart J. Russell and Peter Norvig
The Seven-Per-Cent Solution	author	Nicholas Meyer
Like a Velvet Glove Cast in Iron	author	Dan Clowes
Palestine	author	Joe Sacco
The Elements of Typographic Style	author	Robert Bringhurst
The Shipping News	author	E. Annie Proulx
Ccache	author	Andrew Tridgell
Nobody Nowhere	author	Donna Williams
A Time for Judas	author	Morley Callaghan
Waldo	author	Robert A. Heinlein
Gmail	author	Paul Buchheit
Dubliners	author	James Joyce
The Fifth Elephant	author	Terry Pratchett
The Confusion	author	Neal Stephenson
The Manticore	author	Robertson Davies
Northern Lights	author	Philip Pullman
AlterNet	author	Independent Media Institute
Moon Palace	author	Paul Auster
The Principles of Psychology	author	William James
Patlabor	author	Headgear
Patlabor	author	Michiko Yokote
Patlabor	author	Mamoru Oshii
The Cat in the Hat Comes Back	author	Dr. Seuss
The Pratchett Portfolio	author	Paul Kidby
Independent People	author	Halldór Laxness
Letters of a Portuguese Nun	author	Gabriel-Joseph de La Vergne, comte de Guilleragues
PC-Write	author	Bob Wallace
Bridge of Birds	author	Barry Hughart
Molvanîa	author	Santo Cilauro
Molvanîa	author	Tom Gleisner
Molvanîa	author	Rob Sitch
Fashionable Nonsense	author	Alan Sokal
Fashionable Nonsense	author	Jean Bricmont
KIO	author	KDE
Beyond Good and Evil	author	Friedrich Nietzsche
Are You There God%3F It's Me, Margaret.	author	Judy Blume
Environmental Audio Extensions	author	Creative Technology
The Oxford Companion to Classical Literature	author	Paul Harvey
Helter Skelter	author	Vincent Bugliosi with Curt Gentry
Angels & Demons	author	Dan Brown
Theory of Games and Economic Behavior	author	John von Neumann
Theory of Games and Economic Behavior	author	Oskar Morgenstern
Oniisama e...	author	Riyoko Ikeda
Young, Gay and Proud	author	Sasha Alyson, Lynne Yamaguchi Fletcher
Economics in One Lesson	author	Henry Hazlitt
Slow Step	author	Mitsuru Adachi
The Narrative of Arthur Gordon Pym of Nantucket	author	Edgar Allan Poe
Villette	author	Charlotte Brontë
Shirley	author	Charlotte Brontë
The Drowned and the Saved	author	Primo Levi
William Does His Bit	author	Richmal Crompton
Rogue Trader	author	Nick Leeson
Magical Meow Meow Taruto	author	Kaishaku
Book of the Law of the Lord	author	Alleged to be part of the Law given to Moses at Mt. Sinai
The History of the Standard Oil Company	author	Ida M. Tarbell
Last Exile	author	Gonzo
Windmills of the Gods	author	Sidney Sheldon
Fooled by Randomness	author	Nassim Nicholas Taleb
Flat Stanley	author	Jeff Brown
Greenmantle	author	John Buchan
The Castle of Otranto	author	Horace Walpole
Profiles in Courage	author	John F. Kennedy
Fox in Socks	author	Dr. Seuss
Sex	author	Madonna
Xen	author	Keir Fraser, Steven Hand, Ian Pratt, University of Cambridge Computer Laboratory
Bill, the Galactic Hero	author	Harry Harrison
His Last Bow	author	Arthur Conan Doyle
Channel 9	author	Microsoft
Hikōtei Jidai	author	Hayao Miyazaki
I Have No Mouth, and I Must Scream	author	Harlan Ellison
Circle of Three	author	Michael Thomas Ford
The Cyberiad	author	Stanisław Lem
Decline and Fall	author	Evelyn Waugh
White Oleander	author	Janet Fitch
Ethan Frome	author	Edith Wharton
Macroscope	author	Piers Anthony
A Cook's Tour	author	Anthony Bourdain
The Power of Myth	author	Joseph Campbell
The Power of Myth	author	Bill Moyers
The Power of Myth	author	Betty Sue Flowers
Mrs Beeton's Book of Household Management	author	Isabella Beeton
The Mysterious Planet	author	Terrance Dicks
Mindwarp	author	Philip Martin
Terror of the Vervoids	author	Pip and Jane Baker
The Bachman Books	author	Stephen King
Lanark: A Life in Four Books	author	Alasdair Gray
The Social Animal	author	Elliot Aronson
Team Yankee	author	Harold Coyle
A Fighting Man of Mars	author	Edgar Rice Burroughs
The Stars My Destination	author	Alfred Bester
Titan	author	John Varley
First Folio	author	William Shakespeare
The Rules of Attraction	author	Bret Easton Ellis
Strange Stories from a Chinese Studio	author	Pu Songling
Angels and Visitations	author	Neil Gaiman
RahXephon	author	Takeaki Momose
RahXephon	author	Hiroshi Ohnogi
The Client	author	John Grisham
The City and the Stars	author	Arthur C. Clarke
Gorky Park	author	Martin Cruz Smith
The Book of Dust	author	Philip Pullman
Beyond the Rocks	author	Elinor Glyn
The Mysterious Stranger	author	Mark Twain
The Portrait of a Lady	author	Henry James
Max the Mighty	author	Rodman Philbrick
Critique of Practical Reason	author	Immanuel Kant
Verbal Behavior	author	B. F. Skinner
Common Time	author	James Blish
Think and Grow Rich	author	Napoleon Hill
A Course in Miracles	author	Helen Schucman
Devdas	author	Sarat Chandra Chattopadhyay
The Phenomenology of Spirit	author	Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel
Killing Pablo	author	Mark Bowden
The Price of Loyalty	author	Ron Suskind
Eragon	author	Christopher Paolini
Gotham: A History of New York City to 1898	author	Mike Wallace
Gotham: A History of New York City to 1898	author	Edwin G. Burrows
Dark Tide: Onslaught	author	Michael A. Stackpole
Dark Tide: Ruin	author	Michael A. Stackpole
The Edible Woman	author	Margaret Atwood
The Brothers Karamazov	author	Fyodor Dostoyevsky
Code Complete	author	Steve McConnell
Plan of Attack	author	Bob Woodward
Congo	author	Michael Crichton
Agents of Chaos: Hero's Trial	author	James Luceno
Agents of Chaos: Jedi Eclipse	author	James Luceno
Looking Backward	author	Edward Bellamy
Star Trek Star Fleet Technical Manual	author	Franz Joseph
Legend of the Galactic Heroes	author	Yoshiki Tanaka
Legend of the Galactic Heroes	author	Katsumi Michihara
Witches Abroad	author	Terry Pratchett
Lords and Ladies	author	Terry Pratchett
The Well of Lost Plots	author	Jasper Fforde
Nostromo	author	Joseph Conrad
Backstage Lensman	author	Randall Garrett
Recovery	author	Troy Denning
Edge of Victory: Conquest	author	Greg Keyes
Edge of Victory: Rebirth	author	Greg Keyes
Last.fm	author	Felix Miller, Martin Stiksel, Michael Breidenbruecker, Thomas Willomitzer, Richard Jones
New Rose Hotel	author	William Gibson
Oregon Geographic Names	author	Lewis A. McArthur and Lewis L. McArthur
The Zahir	author	Jorge Luis Borges
Tom Brown's School Days	author	Thomas Hughes
The Last Book in the Universe	author	Rodman Philbrick
Eight Skilled Gentlemen	author	Barry Hughart
The Daleks	author	David Whitaker
The Songs of Distant Earth	author	Arthur C. Clarke
Slapstick	author	Kurt Vonnegut
The Open Conspiracy	author	H. G. Wells
The Moon of Gomrath	author	Alan Garner
Captain Blood	author	Rafael Sabatini
Spearhead from Space	author	Terrance Dicks
Earthborn	author	Orson Scott Card
The Müller-Fokker Effect	author	John Sladek
Flicker	author	Theodore Roszak
Earthfall	author	Orson Scott Card
God Bless You, Dr. Kevorkian	author	Kurt Vonnegut
GFA BASIC	author	Frank Ostrowski
Comics and Sequential Art	author	Will Eisner
The Father Christmas Letters	author	J. R. R. Tolkien
The Father Christmas Letters	author	Edited by Baillie Tolkien
Freak the Mighty	author	Rodman Philbrick
Pixia	author	Isao Maruoka,Tacmi Co.
Elidor	author	Alan Garner
Childhood	author	Leo Tolstoy
Darkness at Noon	author	Arthur Koestler
The Mystery of Edwin Drood	author	Charles Dickens
A Time to Kill	author	John Grisham
A Handful of Dust	author	Evelyn Waugh
Never Cry Wolf	author	Farley Mowat
Man, Economy, and State	author	Murray Rothbard
The Mauritius Command	author	Patrick O'Brian
The Edge of Destruction	author	Nigel Robinson
The Five Orange Pips	author	Arthur Conan Doyle
A Hat Full of Sky	author	Terry Pratchett
The Surgeon's Mate	author	Patrick O'Brian
The Most Dangerous Game	author	Richard Connell
Democracy: The God That Failed	author	Hans-Hermann Hoppe
Sweat	author	Jorge Amado
Sea of Death	author	Jorge Amado
Jubiabá	author	Jorge Amado
Survivor Type	author	Stephen King
Battleground	author	Stephen King
Nona	author	Stephen King
Quitters, Inc.	author	Stephen King
Word Processor of the Gods	author	Stephen King
Rainy Season	author	Stephen King
The Raft	author	Stephen King
The End of the Whole Mess	author	Stephen King
Crouch End	author	Stephen King
Suffer the Little Children	author	Stephen King
The Night Flier	author	Stephen King
The Jaunt	author	Stephen King
The Ten O'Clock People	author	Stephen King
According to Mary Magdalene	author	Marianne Fredriksson
The War of the Saints	author	Jorge Amado
Tieta	author	Jorge Amado
Tereza Batista: Home from the Wars	author	Jorge Amado
The Two Deaths of Quincas Wateryell	author	Jorge Amado
Shepherds of the Night	author	Jorge Amado
Showdown	author	Jorge Amado
Tent of Miracles	author	Jorge Amado
Red Field	author	Jorge Amado
The Golden Harvest	author	Jorge Amado
The Bowels of Liberty	author	Jorge Amado
The Violent Land	author	Jorge Amado
Captains of the Sands	author	Jorge Amado
Insomnia	author	Stephen King
The Discovery of America by the Turks	author	Jorge Amado
Carpe Jugulum	author	Terry Pratchett
The Failure of the New Economics	author	Henry Hazlitt
Mon Colle Knights	author	Satoru Akahori
Mon Colle Knights	author	Katsumi Hasegawa
Mon Colle Knights	author	Hideaki Nishikawa
Marco Polo	author	John Lucarotti
Dead Souls	author	Nikolai Gogol
The Voyage of the Space Beagle	author	A. E. van Vogt
A Conflict of Visions	author	Thomas Sowell
Fallen Angels	author	Larry Niven, Jerry Pournelle, and Michael Flynn
The Music of Chance	author	Paul Auster
Juliette	author	The Marquis de Sade
Johnny and the Bomb	author	Terry Pratchett
The Anubis Gates	author	Tim Powers
X	author	Clamp
Icons of Evolution	author	Jonathan Wells
The Vicar of Wakefield	author	Oliver Goldsmith
Oruchuban Ebichu	author	Risa Itō
The Elegant Universe	author	Brian Greene
Gun, with Occasional Music	author	Jonathan Lethem
Formatting Objects Processor	author	James Tauber
The Bone People	author	Keri Hulme
Encyclopedia of Public Health	author	Lester Breslow, MD
Encyclopedia of Public Health	author	Bernard Goldstein, Lawrence W. Green, C. Wiliam Keck, John M. Last.  Michael McGinnis
Animal World	author	Antonio di Benedetto
Visual Molecular Dynamics	author	William Humphrey, Andrew Dalke, Klaus Schulten, John Stone
Encyclopedia of Australian Rock and Pop	author	Ian McFarlane
Tokyo Mew Mew	author	Reiko Yoshida
Tokyo Mew Mew	author	Mia Ikumi
The Witches	author	Roald Dahl
The Sibley Guide to Birds	author	David Allen Sibley
The Algebraist	author	Iain M. Banks
Walking on Glass	author	Iain Banks
The Keys of Marinus	author	Philip Hinchcliffe
Alphabetical Africa	author	Walter Abish
IQ and the Wealth of Nations	author	Richard Lynn
IQ and the Wealth of Nations	author	Tatu Vanhanen
Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy	author	John le Carré
The Island of Doctor Moreau	author	H. G. Wells
BBC Online	author	BBC
The Story of Little Black Sambo	author	Helen Bannerman
The Nutmeg of Consolation	author	Patrick O'Brian
Ghost	author	Murray Haszard
Tokimeki Memorial	author	IZUMI, Makoto, KONAMI, Konami Digital Entertainment, SETA Kaito
The Bellmaker	author	Brian Jacques
Green Eggs and Ham	author	Dr. Seuss
A Course of Pure Mathematics	author	G. H. Hardy
GLX	author	Silicon Graphics, Inc.
Les Champs magnétiques	author	André Breton and Philippe Soupault
The Tin Drum	author	Günter Grass
Crossroads of Twilight	author	Robert Jordan
Revolt Against the Modern World	author	Julius Evola
The Last Starship from Earth	author	John Boyd
Gettext	author	Sun Microsystems
The Nine Billion Names of God	author	Arthur C. Clarke
Restoring the Lost Constitution	author	Randy Barnett
Momo	author	Michael Ende
Yahoo! Mail	author	Yahoo
The Most Dangerous Game	author	Gavin Lyall
Many Waters	author	Madeleine L'Engle
Froth on the Daydream	author	Boris Vian
The Drifters	author	James A. Michener
World of Wonders	author	Robertson Davies
The Cay	author	Theodore Taylor
Morvern Callar	author	Alan Warner
This Side of Paradise	author	F. Scott Fitzgerald
Memoirs of Hadrian	author	Marguerite Yourcenar
Generations of Winter	author	Vasily Aksyonov
A Calculus of Angels	author	Gregory Keyes
The Girl Who Was Plugged In	author	James Tiptree, Jr.
The Path of Daggers	author	Robert Jordan
Franny and Zooey	author	J. D. Salinger
A Spy in the House of Love	author	Anaïs Nin
One Hundred Years of Solitude	author	Gabriel García Márquez
The Millennial Project: Colonizing the Galaxy in Eight Easy Steps	author	Marshall Savage
The Wanting Seed	author	Anthony Burgess
The New York Trilogy	author	Paul Auster
Freedom in Exile	author	14
The Art of Happiness	author	Tenzin Gyatso, 14th Dalai Lama and Howard Cutler
HMS Surprise	author	Patrick O'Brian
Desolation Island	author	Patrick O'Brian
Post Captain	author	Patrick O'Brian
The Fortune of War	author	Patrick O'Brian
The Ionian Mission	author	Patrick O'Brian
Black Like Me	author	John Howard Griffin
The Far Side of the World	author	Patrick O'Brian
The Outline of History	author	H. G. Wells
The Great Betrayal	author	Ian Smith
Jailbird	author	Kurt Vonnegut
Treason's Harbour	author	Patrick O'Brian
The Reverse of the Medal	author	Patrick O'Brian
Blue at the Mizzen	author	Patrick O'Brian
The Letter of Marque	author	Patrick O'Brian
The Hundred Days	author	Patrick O'Brian
The Yellow Admiral	author	Patrick O'Brian
The Commodore	author	Patrick O'Brian
Marvin K. Mooney Will You Please Go Now!	author	Dr. Seuss
The Wine-Dark Sea	author	Patrick O'Brian
Clarissa Oakes	author	Patrick O'Brian
The Book of Skulls	author	Robert Silverberg
The Road to Wellville	author	T. C. Boyle
The Devil's Dictionary	author	Ambrose Bierce
Bleach	author	Tite Kubo
Rational Purify	author	Pure Software
The Wind's Twelve Quarters	author	Ursula K. Le Guin
J. R. R. Tolkien: Artist and Illustrator	author	Wayne G. Hammond and Christina Scull
Four Ways to Forgiveness	author	Ursula K. Le Guin
Business Dynamics	author	John Sterman
A Separate Peace	author	John Knowles
The Unifying Force	author	James Luceno
A History of Britain	author	Simon Schama
The Mutants	author	Terrance Dicks
Planet of the Daleks	author	Terrance Dicks
Earthlight	author	Arthur C. Clarke
A Fall of Moondust	author	Arthur C. Clarke
Heavier Than Heaven	author	Charles R. Cross
Imagining Numbers	author	Barry Mazur
The Reptile Room	author	Lemony Snicket
The Miserable Mill	author	Lemony Snicket
The Wide Window	author	Lemony Snicket
Our Mutual Friend	author	Charles Dickens
The Hostile Hospital	author	Lemony Snicket
The Bad Beginning	author	Lemony Snicket
The Austere Academy	author	Lemony Snicket
The Vile Village	author	Lemony Snicket
The Slippery Slope	author	Lemony Snicket
The Ersatz Elevator	author	Lemony Snicket
The Grim Grotto	author	Lemony Snicket
The Carnivorous Carnival	author	Lemony Snicket
Chronicle of a Death Foretold	author	Gabriel García Márquez
Libra	author	Don DeLillo
Icelander	author	Dustin Long
The Ultimate Foe	author	Pip and Jane Baker
Earth	author	David Brin
The Neon Bible	author	John Kennedy Toole
The Borrowers	author	Mary Norton
Lernu!	author	E@I
Genesis of the Daleks	author	Terrance Dicks
In Dubious Battle	author	John Steinbeck
The Twelve Chairs	author	Ilf and Petrov
The Little Golden Calf	author	Ilf and Petrov
The Moon Is Down	author	John Steinbeck
The Twins	author	Tessa de Loo
Finn and Hengest	author	J. R. R. Tolkien, ed. Alan J. Bliss
Mr. Bliss	author	J. R. R. Tolkien
A Good School	author	Richard Yates
Dark Journey	author	Elaine Cunningham
Enemy Lines: Rebel Dream	author	Aaron Allston
A German Requiem	author	Philip Kerr
Ship of Fools	author	Simon Jenkins and Stephen Goddard
The War Games	author	Malcolm Hulke
Tenjho Tenge	author	Oh! great
Quantum Psychology	author	Robert Anton Wilson
The Lottery in Babylon	author	Jorge Luis Borges
Fushigi Yûgi Genbu Kaiden	author	Yuu Watase
The Eagle Has Landed	author	Jack Higgins
War with the Newts	author	Karel Čapek
The Road Back	author	Erich Maria Remarque
The Absolute at Large	author	Karel Čapek
In the Time of the Butterflies	author	Julia Alvarez
The Law of Success	author	Napoleon Hill
The Caves of Androzani	author	Terrance Dicks
The Bonesetter's Daughter	author	Amy Tan
Night Watch	author	Terry Pratchett
Nightfall	author	Isaac Asimov
Nightfall	author	Robert Silverberg
Less Than Zero	author	Bret Easton Ellis
Black Mischief	author	Evelyn Waugh
The Second Sex	author	Simone de Beauvoir
That Was Then, This Is Now	author	S.E. Hinton
From a Buick 8	author	Stephen King
Three Men in a Boat	author	Jerome Klapka Jerome
1967: The Last Good Year	author	Pierre Berton
Galápagos	author	Kurt Vonnegut
The Lightning and the Sun	author	Savitri Devi Mukherji
The Te of Piglet	author	Benjamin Hoff
Social Anarchism or Lifestyle Anarchism	author	Murray Bookchin
Nine Tomorrows	author	Isaac Asimov
WebKit	author	KDE
BusyBox	author	Bruce Perens
The Jesus Incident	author	Frank Herbert and
The Jesus Incident	author	Bill Ransom
Bad Girls	author	Cynthia Voigt
Moving Mars	author	Greg Bear
Soldier X	author	Don L. Wulffson
A River Runs Through It	author	Norman MacLean
The Protestant Ethic and the Spirit of Capitalism	author	Max Weber
A Place So Foreign and Eight More	author	Cory Doctorow
Globalization and Its Discontents	author	Joseph E. Stiglitz
Red Alert	author	Peter George
The City	author	Max Weber
The Five Star Stories	author	Mamoru Nagano
Sybil	author	Flora Rheta Schreiber
A Severe Mercy	author	Sheldon Vanauken
The Religion of China: Confucianism and Taoism	author	Max Weber
The Cat Returns	author	Aoi Hiiragi
Wizard's First Rule	author	Terry Goodkind
AllMusic	author	Michael Erlewine
A World Lit Only by Fire	author	William Manchester
Billy Bathgate	author	E. L. Doctorow
Expanded Psionics Handbook	author	Bruce Cordell
The Guns of August	author	Barbara W. Tuchman
Habbo	author	Sampo Karjalainen
Habbo	author	Aapo Kyrölä
Fried Green Tomatoes at the Whistle Stop Cafe	author	Fannie Flagg
The Joy Luck Club	author	Amy Tan
Introduction to Objectivist Epistemology	author	Ayn Rand
Captain Tsubasa	author	Yōichi Takahashi
Cradle	author	Arthur C. Clarke and Gentry Lee
Kings of the High Frontier	author	Victor Koman
Redemption Ark	author	Alastair Reynolds
The Evil of the Daleks	author	John Peel
The Scary Sleepover	author	Ulrich Karger
White Fang	author	Jack London
Where Late the Sweet Birds Sang	author	Kate Wilhelm
Eugénie Grandet	author	Honoré de Balzac
Anglo-Saxon Attitudes	author	Angus Wilson
Eldest	author	Christopher Paolini
Forever Free	author	Joe Haldeman
The Cuckoo's Egg	author	Clifford Stoll
Going Postal	author	Terry Pratchett
Banana Republicans	author	Sheldon Rampton
Banana Republicans	author	John Stauber
Another Roadside Attraction	author	Tom Robbins
The Book of the War	author	Lawrence Miles et al.
Of the City of the Saved...	author	Philip Purser-Hallard
A Game of Thrones	author	George R. R. Martin
A Clash of Kings	author	George R. R. Martin
The Things They Carried	author	Tim O'Brien
A Storm of Swords	author	George R. R. Martin
A Deepness in the Sky	author	Vernor Vinge
The Notebook	author	Nicholas Sparks
RenderWare	author	Criterion Software
RRDtool	author	Tobias Oetiker
Quasar, Quasar, Burning Bright	author	Isaac Asimov
Reach for Tomorrow	author	Arthur C. Clarke
A History of the World in 10½ Chapters	author	Julian Barnes
The Adventure of the Musgrave Ritual	author	Arthur Conan Doyle
Enemy Lines: Rebel Stand	author	Aaron Allston
Traitor	author	Matthew Stover
Force Heretic: Reunion	author	Sean Williams and Shane Dix
Force Heretic: Remnant	author	Sean Williams
Force Heretic: Remnant	author	Shane Dix
Force Heretic: Refugee	author	Sean Williams and Shane Dix
The Final Prophecy	author	Greg Keyes
This Boy's Life	author	Tobias Wolff
Saikano	author	Shin Takahashi
Millennium	author	John Varley
Making History	author	Stephen Fry
Paradiso	author	José Lezama Lima
Dai-Tokyo Binbo Seikatsu Manual	author	Maekawa Tsukasa
Women in Love	author	D. H. Lawrence
The Ragwitch	author	Garth Nix
The Rainbow	author	D. H. Lawrence
Bowling Alone	author	Robert D. Putnam
Sundiver	author	David Brin
Stranger than Fiction: True Stories	author	Chuck Palahniuk
Blame!	author	Tsutomu Nihei
Blame!	author	Tsutomu Nihei
Star Wars: Shadows of the Empire	author	George Lucas
Star Wars: Shadows of the Empire	author	Steve Perry
Star Wars: Shadows of the Empire	author	John Wagner
Journey to the Center of the Earth	author	Jules Verne
Lost Universe	author	Hajime Kanzaka
The Betrothed	author	Alessandro Manzoni
The Redemption of Althalus	author	David Eddings
The Redemption of Althalus	author	Leigh Eddings
Les Paradis artificiels	author	Baudelaire
Brazzaville Beach	author	William Boyd
The Indian in the Cupboard	author	Lynne Reid Banks
The Wealth of Nations	author	Adam Smith
Area 7	author	Matthew Reilly
Daemonologie	author	James VI of Scotland
War Is a Racket	author	Smedley Butler
The Witches of Eastwick	author	John Updike
Callahan's Crosstime Saloon	author	Spider Robinson
The Midwich Cuckoos	author	John Wyndham
Syrup	author	Max Barry
Capitol	author	Orson Scott Card
Akhenaten, Dweller in Truth	author	Naguib Mahfouz
Faerie Tale	author	Raymond E. Feist
Lirael	author	Garth Nix
Abhorsen	author	Garth Nix
Tokyo Babylon	author	Clamp
The Book of Tea	author	Okakura Kakuzō
A Dynamical Theory of the Electromagnetic Field	author	James Clerk Maxwell
Right Ho, Jeeves	author	P. G. Wodehouse
Totto-Chan: The Little Girl at the Window	author	Tetsuko Kuroyanagi
Green Darkness	author	Anya Seton
Lipstick Traces: A Secret History of the 20th Century	author	Greil Marcus
Beachworld	author	Stephen King
Mawdryn Undead	author	Peter Grimwade
Stig of the Dump	author	Clive King
The Rivan Codex	author	David Eddings
The Aztecs	author	John Lucarotti
Gaussian	author	John Pople
Demian	author	Hermann Hesse
Life After God	author	Douglas Coupland
Spycatcher	author	Peter Wright
The High Crusade	author	Poul Anderson
Exodus	author	Leon Uris
A Mixture of Frailties	author	Robertson Davies
X video extension	author	X.Org Foundation
The Notebooks of Malte Laurids Brigge	author	Rainer Maria Rilke
Please Teacher!	author	Shizuru Hayashiya
Please Teacher!	author	Gō Zappa
Noble House	author	James Clavell
Hawaii	author	James A. Michener
1632	author	Eric Flint
To Heart	author	Leaf
Sister Princess	author	Sakurako Kimino
Enlightenment	author	Barbara Clegg
William in Trouble	author	Richmal Crompton
Last Call	author	Tim Powers
Q	author	Luther Blissett
Free as in Freedom	author	Sam Williams
New Spring	author	Robert Jordan
The Green Book	author	Muammar Gaddafi
Terror of the Autons	author	Terrance Dicks
On Liberty	author	John Stuart Mill
The Birthday of the World	author	Ursula K. Le Guin
Doctor Who and the Silurians	author	Malcolm Hulke
Inferno	author	Terrance Dicks
Day of the Daleks	author	Terrance Dicks
Harlock Saga	author	Leiji Matsumoto
The Heroic Legend of Arslan	author	Yoshiki Tanaka
The Heroic Legend of Arslan	author	Hiromu Arakawa
Ruins of Adventure	author	Mike Breault
Ruins of Adventure	author	David Cook
Ruins of Adventure	author	Jim Ward
Ruins of Adventure	author	Steve Winter
Giles Goat-Boy	author	John Barth
The Intuitionist	author	Colson Whitehead
The English Teacher	author	R. K. Narayan
Swami and Friends	author	R. K. Narayan
Le guide culinaire	author	Auguste Escoffier
The Dæmons	author	Barry Letts
The Giving Tree	author	Shel Silverstein
Fanshawe	author	Nathaniel Hawthorne
Rob Roy	author	Sir Walter Scott
The House at Pooh Corner	author	A. A. Milne
Sazae-san	author	Machiko Hasegawa
Queen of Angels	author	Greg Bear
The Acid House	author	Irvine Welsh
The House Without a Key	author	Earl Derr Biggers
The Chinese Parrot	author	Earl Derr Biggers
Behind That Curtain	author	Earl Derr Biggers
The Black Camel	author	Earl Derr Biggers
Charlie Chan Carries On	author	Earl Derr Biggers
Keeper of the Keys	author	Earl Derr Biggers
The Street Lawyer	author	John Grisham
Obliquity	author	John Kay
The Runaway Jury	author	John Grisham
Histories	author	Herodotus
Being and Time	author	Martin Heidegger
Polgara the Sorceress	author	David Eddings
Ilium	author	Dan Simmons
Man of Many Faces	author	Clamp
Iron Council	author	China Miéville
Miss Lonelyhearts	author	Nathanael West
The Golden Ass	author	Apuleius
Once Were Warriors	author	Alan Duff
Night Over Water	author	Ken Follett
Michael Moore Is a Big Fat Stupid White Man	author	David T. Hardy
Michael Moore Is a Big Fat Stupid White Man	author	Jason Clarke
The New American Poetry 1945–1960	author	Donald Allen
Raptor Red	author	Robert T. Bakker
Martin Chuzzlewit	author	Charles Dickens
Encyclopedia of the Philosophical Sciences	author	Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel
The Flying Saucers Are Real	author	Donald Keyhoe
The Dark Tower VI: Song of Susannah	author	Stephen King
Records of the Three Kingdoms	author	Chen Shou
Perdido Street Station	author	China Miéville
Please Twins!	author	Gō Zappa
The Fall of Hyperion	author	Dan Simmons
ANTLR	author	Terence Parr and others
Melmoth the Wanderer	author	Charles Maturin
Sorcerous Stabber Orphen	author	Hajime Kanzaka & Yoshinobu Akita
Skinny Dip	author	Carl Hiaasen
The Oxford Book of Twentieth Century English Verse	author	Philip Larkin
The Singularity Is Near	author	Raymond Kurzweil
Liar's Poker	author	Michael Lewis
Peacemaker Kurogane	author	Nanae Chrono
Peacemaker Kurogane	author	Nanae Chrono
Neko Majin	author	Akira Toriyama
Tribal Rites of the New Saturday Night	author	Nik Cohn
Dragonsong	author	Anne McCaffrey
Postcards from the Edge	author	Carrie Fisher
The Chronoliths	author	Robert Charles Wilson
Hunter × Hunter	author	Yoshihiro Togashi
Scream of the Shalka	author	Paul Cornell
High-Rise	author	J. G. Ballard
Almost Like a Whale	author	Steve Jones
Basara	author	Yumi Tamura
The Little School	author	Alicia Partnoy
Eiken	author	Seiji Matsuyama
The Atrocity Exhibition	author	J. G. Ballard
Mahoromatic	author	Bunjūrō Nakayama
Zombiepowder.	author	Tite Kubo
Smiley's People	author	John le Carré
The Great Salad Oil Swindle	author	Norman C. Miller
Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows	author	J. K. Rowling
Alphabet of Thorn	author	Patricia A. McKillip
Tales from Watership Down	author	Richard Adams
The Sheltering Sky	author	Paul Bowles
Parasyte	author	Hitoshi Iwaaki
The Power of One	author	Bryce Courtenay
And the Ass Saw the Angel	author	Nick Cave
Whistle!	author	Daisuke Higuchi
Bondage Fairies	author	Teruo Kakuta
Gossip Girl	author	by Cecily von Ziegesar
The Open Society and Its Enemies	author	Karl Popper
Music for Chameleons	author	Truman Capote
The Bridges of Madison County	author	Robert James Waller
Zuleika Dobson	author	Max Beerbohm
A Second Chance at Eden	author	Peter F. Hamilton
A Journey in Other Worlds	author	John Jacob Astor IV
Scrapped Princess	author	Ichirō Sakaki
Scrapped Princess	author	Ichiro Sakaki
Flatterland	author	Ian Stewart
To the Lighthouse	author	Virginia Woolf
Henderson the Rain King	author	Saul Bellow
Appointment in Samarra	author	John O'Hara
Gunslinger Girl	author	Yu Aida
Friday the Rabbi Slept Late	author	Harry Kemelman
Demons	author	Fyodor Dostoyevsky
A Feast for Crows	author	George R. R. Martin
Angel Links	author	Takehiko Itō
Chasing Vermeer	author	Blue Balliett
Timescape	author	Gregory Benford
The Art of Computer Game Design	author	Chris Crawford
E for Ecstasy	author	Nicholas Saunders
Abarat	author	Clive Barker
Sophie's World	author	Jostein Gaarder
Doctor Syn: A Tale of the Romney Marsh	author	Russell Thorndike
Alice 19th	author	Yuu Watase
Daily Kos	author	Markos Moulitsas
All Summer in a Day	author	Ray Bradbury
Corel Painter	author	Mark Zimmer
Corel Painter	author	Tom Hedges
The Commitments	author	Roddy Doyle
Paddy Clarke Ha Ha Ha	author	Roddy Doyle
Golgo 13	author	Takao Saito
Akira	author	Katsuhiro Otomo
Wonderful Life	author	Stephen Jay Gould
The Deadly Assassin	author	Terrance Dicks
You Shall Know Our Velocity	author	Dave Eggers
The Sword of Shannara	author	Terry Brooks
Summer of Night	author	Dan Simmons
City of Glass	author	Douglas Coupland
Averroes's Search	author	Jorge Luis Borges
The Last Chronicle of Barset	author	Anthony Trollope
The Mysterious Island	author	Jules Verne
The Waves	author	Virginia Woolf
The Elfstones of Shannara	author	Terry Brooks
Emperor of America	author	Richard Condon
Nana	author	Émile Zola
The Happy Return	author	C. S. Forester
The Wishsong of Shannara	author	Terry Brooks
First King of Shannara	author	Terry Brooks
Time Stops for No Mouse	author	Michael Hoeye
Theatre of Cruelty	author	Terry Pratchett
Barnaby Rudge	author	Charles Dickens
The Old Curiosity Shop	author	Charles Dickens
Ancient Shores	author	Jack McDevitt
The Big Four	author	Agatha Christie
ACT-R	author	John Robert Anderson
The Worm Ouroboros	author	Eric Rücker Eddison
Rising Sun	author	Michael Crichton
All the Year Round	author	Editor: Charles Dickens
Glory Season	author	David Brin
The Road to Serfdom	author	Friedrich Hayek
Cyborg 009	author	Shotaro Ishinomori
The Killer Angels	author	Michael Shaara
Wishing Moon	author	Michael O. Tunnell
Systrace	author	Niels Provos
The Edge Chronicles	author	Paul Stewart
The Lathe of Heaven	author	Ursula K. Le Guin
Tsuki wa Higashi ni Hi wa Nishi ni	author	August
Alexander's Bridge	author	Willa Cather
The Lost World	author	Arthur Conan Doyle
The Cartoon History of the Universe	author	Larry Gonick
Petersburg	author	Andrei Bely
Raw Spirit	author	Iain Banks
Systemantics	author	John Gall
Infobot	author	Kevin Lenzo
Hiroshima	author	John Hersey
The Life and Loves of a She-Devil	author	Fay Weldon
The King of Torts	author	John Grisham
Tender Is the Night	author	F. Scott Fitzgerald
The Good Soldier	author	Ford Madox Ford
The Golden Bowl	author	Henry James
The Wings of the Dove	author	Henry James
Go Tell It on the Mountain	author	James Baldwin
U.S.A.	author	John Dos Passos
The Ambassadors	author	Henry James
The Immortal	author	Jorge Luis Borges
Notable American Women	author	Ben Marcus
Woman at Point Zero	author	Nawal El Saadawi
The Secret Agent	author	Joseph Conrad
Encyclopedia of Mormonism	author	Daniel H. Ludlow
Assassin's Quest	author	Robin Hobb
Royal Assassin	author	Robin Hobb
Assassin's Apprentice	author	Robin Hobb
Hopscotch	author	Julio Cortázar
The Divine Invasion	author	Philip K. Dick
Wasp	author	Eric Frank Russell
A Void	author	Georges Perec
Amusing Ourselves to Death	author	Neil Postman
The Amazing Adventures of Kavalier & Clay	author	Michael Chabon
Tik-Tok	author	John Sladek
Comic Party	author	Sekihiko Inui
Hard Times	author	Charles Dickens
Roderick	author	John Sladek
The Leopard	author	Giuseppe Tomasi di Lampedusa
The Dalkey Archive	author	Flann O'Brien
Astronomy Picture of the Day	author	Robert J. Nemiroff and Jerry Bonnell
The Unbearable Lightness of Being	author	Milan Kundera
Wonder Boys	author	Michael Chabon
Options	author	Robert Sheckley
JEdit	author	Slava Pestov
Theguardian.com	author	The Guardian
Fear of Flying	author	Erica Jong
The Eagle's Conquest	author	Simon Scarrow
Barometer Rising	author	Hugh MacLennan
Winter Kills	author	Richard Condon
Notes from Underground	author	Fyodor Dostoevsky
Now and Then: From Coney Island to Here	author	Joseph Heller
The 158-Pound Marriage	author	John Irving
The Bear and the Dragon	author	Tom Clancy
From Beirut to Jerusalem	author	Thomas L. Friedman
Dilvish, the Damned	author	Roger Zelazny
Red Shift	author	Alan Garner
Herzog	author	Saul Bellow
The Business	author	Iain Banks
Halo: The Fall of Reach	author	Eric Nylund
Halo: The Flood	author	William C. Dietz
Halo: First Strike	author	Eric Nylund
The Mahdi	author	Philip Nicholson,
The Mahdi	author	writing as A. J. Quinnell
Expat	author	James Clark
Interactive Disassembler	author	Ilfak Guilfanov
Understanding Media	author	Marshall McLuhan
Anarchy, State, and Utopia	author	Robert Nozick
I Love Bees	author	42
Into Thin Air	author	Jon Krakauer
Death Comes for the Archbishop	author	Willa Cather
Tropic of Cancer	author	Henry Miller
Parade's End	author	Ford Madox Ford
The Naked and the Dead	author	Norman Mailer
A House for Mr Biswas	author	V. S. Naipaul
Of Human Bondage	author	W. Somerset Maugham
The Moviegoer	author	Walker Percy
Scoop	author	Evelyn Waugh
A High Wind in Jamaica	author	Richard Hughes
A Bend in the River	author	V. S. Naipaul
Wide Sargasso Sea	author	Jean Rhys
Ragtime	author	E. L. Doctorow
Lord Jim	author	Joseph Conrad
The Journey of Ibn Fattouma	author	Naguib Mahfouz
How the Steel Was Tempered	author	Nikolai Ostrovsky
Nagios	author	Ethan Galstad and others
Aishiteruze Baby	author	Yōko Maki
Hajime no Ippo	author	George Morikawa
Doki Doki School Hours	author	Tamami Momose
Last and First Men	author	Olaf Stapledon
Vril	author	Edward Bulwer-Lytton
Princess Ai	author	Courtney Love
Princess Ai	author	Stu Levy
The Honourable Schoolboy	author	John le Carré
The Ethical Slut	author	Dossie Easton, Catherine A. Liszt
Up the Junction	author	Nell Dunn
The Canary Trainer	author	Nicholas Meyer
The Tomb of the Cybermen	author	Gerry Davis
Camp Hyrule	author	Nintendo and Lithium Technologies
Snort	author	Martin Roesch
The Dark Half	author	Stephen King
The Tale of Peter Rabbit	author	Beatrix Potter
Programming Ruby	author	Dave Thomas
Programming Ruby	author	Chad Fowler
Programming Ruby	author	Andy Hunt
The Second Coming of Steve Jobs	author	Alan Deutschman
The Chamber	author	John Grisham
The Reality Dysfunction	author	Peter F. Hamilton
Cocaine Nights	author	J.G. Ballard
The Crystal World	author	J. G. Ballard
Concrete Island	author	J. G. Ballard
A Burnt-Out Case	author	Graham Greene
The Five Doctors	author	Terrance Dicks
Dune: House Harkonnen	author	Brian Herbert and Kevin J. Anderson
Dune: House Corrino	author	Brian Herbert and Kevin J. Anderson
The Summons	author	John Grisham
Needful Things	author	Stephen King
The Stingray Shuffle	author	Tim Dorsey
Batman: Child of Dreams	author	Kia Asamiya
Portrait of Lozana: The Lusty Andalusian Woman	author	Francisco Delicado
La Celestina	author	Fernando de Rojas
Infinite Jest	author	David Foster Wallace
Lake Wobegon Days	author	Garrison Keillor
Infinite in All Directions	author	Freeman Dyson
Magic, Inc.	author	Robert A. Heinlein
Waldo & Magic, Inc.	author	Robert A. Heinlein
Artemis Fowl	author	Eoin Colfer
Artemis Fowl: The Arctic Incident	author	Eoin Colfer
Papillon	author	Henri Charrière
Kate Vaiden	author	Reynolds Price
Norton Commander	author	John Socha
The Dalek Invasion of Earth	author	Terrance Dicks
The War Machines	author	Ian Stuart Black
The Search	author	Naguib Mahfouz
The Ground Beneath Her Feet	author	Salman Rushdie
Golden Boy	author	Tatsuya Egawa
Golden Boy	author	Tatsuya Egawa
Digital Averroes Research Environment	author	Andreas Speer
Full Moon o Sagashite	author	Arina Tanemura
Linguistic Imperialism	author	Robert Phillipson
Hayduke Lives	author	Edward Abbey
Appleseed	author	Masamune Shirow
The House of God	author	Samuel Shem
When Worlds Collide	author	Philip Wylie
When Worlds Collide	author	Edwin Balmer
Love You Forever	author	Robert Munsch
Koi Kaze	author	Motoi Yoshida
Island of the Blue Dolphins	author	Scott O'Dell
Kiln People	author	David Brin
The Poisonwood Bible	author	Barbara Kingsolver
Please Save My Earth	author	Saki Hiwatari
The Wapshot Chronicle	author	John Cheever
Angle of Repose	author	Wallace Stegner
The Death of the Heart	author	Elizabeth Bowen
Bel Ami	author	Guy de Maupassant
The House of Mirth	author	Edith Wharton
The Bachelor of Arts	author	R. K. Narayan
Lilith	author	George MacDonald
A Grief Observed	author	C. S. Lewis
Ninku	author	Kōji Kiriyama
The Charterhouse of Parma	author	Stendhal
In Search of the Castaways	author	Jules Verne
The Dark Is Rising Sequence	author	Susan Cooper
The Ugly American	author	Eugene Burdick
The Ugly American	author	William Lederer
Lincoln	author	Gore Vidal
An Historical Relation of the Island Ceylon	author	Robert Knox
SSN	author	Tom Clancy
Chrono Crusade	author	Daisuke Moriyama
Florida Roadkill	author	Tim Dorsey
Triggerfish Twist	author	Tim Dorsey
The Passion of New Eve	author	Angela Carter
G Senjō Heaven's Door	author	Yoko Nihonbashi
Chronicle of the Priest of Duklja	author	An anonymous priest in Duklja
The Autobiography of Alice B. Toklas	author	Gertrude Stein
Middlesex	author	Jeffrey Eugenides
1982, Janine	author	Alasdair Gray
Firewall	author	Henning Mankell
Odd John	author	Olaf Stapledon
Sirius	author	Olaf Stapledon
The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time	author	Mark Haddon
Hospital Station	author	James White
Zazie in the Metro	author	Raymond Queneau
Ella Enchanted	author	Gail Carson Levine
The Blue Flowers	author	Raymond Queneau
Romance of Atlantis	author	Taylor Caldwell
Naked	author	David Sedaris
Me Talk Pretty One Day	author	David Sedaris
Zen in the Art of Archery	author	Eugen Herrigel
The Toynbee Convector	author	Ray Bradbury
The Vampire Armand	author	Anne Rice
The Dharma Bums	author	Jack Kerouac
Johnny Mnemonic	author	William Gibson
Even Cowgirls Get the Blues	author	Tom Robbins
The Bed-Sitting Room	author	Spike Milligan and John Antrobus
Boy	author	Roald Dahl
James and the Giant Peach	author	Roald Dahl
Kiss Kiss	author	Roald Dahl
Sphere	author	Michael Crichton
Triton	author	Samuel R. Delany
Peyton Place	author	Grace Metalious
Revelation Space	author	Alastair Reynolds
Chasm City	author	Alastair Reynolds
Berlin Alexanderplatz	author	Alfred Döblin
Diary	author	Chuck Palahniuk
Only You Can Save Mankind	author	Terry Pratchett
Johnny and the Dead	author	Terry Pratchett
Heather Has Two Mommies	author	Lesléa Newman
Rzip	author	Andrew Tridgell
The Rebel	author	Albert Camus
The Complete Psionics Handbook	author	Steve Winter
Going After Cacciato	author	Tim O'Brien
Survival	author	Rona Munro
Vice Versa	author	F. Anstey
Gone for Soldiers	author	Jeffrey Shaara
Memoirs of a Geisha	author	Arthur Golden
The Twelve Kingdoms	author	Fuyumi Ono
Human, All Too Human	author	Friedrich Nietzsche
The Antichrist	author	Friedrich Nietzsche
Blindness	author	José Saramago
The Bat	author	Jo Nesbø
The Devil's Star	author	Jo Nesbø
The Redbreast	author	Jo Nesbø
The Bourne Supremacy	author	Robert Ludlum
The Littles	author	John Peterson
Brewster's Millions	author	George Barr McCutcheon
Horror of Fang Rock	author	Terrance Dicks
City	author	Clifford D. Simak
Eats, Shoots & Leaves	author	Lynne Truss
The Death of a President	author	William Manchester
The Code Book	author	Simon Singh
Hawksbill Station	author	Robert Silverberg
The Royal Book of Oz	author	Ruth Plumly Thompson
Mist	author	Miguel de Unamuno
The Puzzle Palace	author	James Bamford
The Other Side of Midnight	author	Sidney Sheldon
Julia's Kitchen Wisdom	author	Julia Child, David Nussbaum
Two Treatises of Government	author	John Locke
Slan	author	A. E. van Vogt
The Garden of Rama	author	Gentry Lee and Arthur C. Clarke
The Water-Method Man	author	John Irving
The Night of the Triffids	author	Simon Clark
Macross 7	author	Haruhiko Mikimoto
Tristessa	author	Jack Kerouac
The Subterraneans	author	Jack Kerouac
Super Dimensional Fortress Macross II: Lovers Again	author	Sukehiro Tomita
Super Dimensional Fortress Macross II: Lovers Again	author	James D. Hudnall
The Woman Warrior	author	Maxine Hong Kingston
Sanditon	author	Jane Austen
Lady Susan	author	Jane Austen
Goodnight Mister Tom	author	Michelle Magorian
A Sound of Thunder	author	Ray Bradbury
Counterexamples in Topology	author	Lynn Steen
Counterexamples in Topology	author	J. Arthur Seebach, Jr.
Justine	author	The Marquis de Sade
The Godmakers	author	Frank Herbert
Market Forces	author	Richard Morgan
Orlando: A Biography	author	Virginia Woolf
Hellstrom's Hive	author	Frank Herbert
ConTeXt	author	Mainly Hans Hagen and Pragma ADE
To Have and Have Not	author	Ernest Hemingway
Unfit for Command	author	John E. O'Neill and Jerome Corsi
Tuesdays with Morrie	author	Mitch Albom
Shardik	author	Richard Adams
Tin Woodman	author	David Bischoff and Dennis Russell Bailey
MegaMan NT Warrior	author	Ryo Takamisaki
Answered Prayers: The Unfinished Novel	author	Truman Capote
The Magic Goes Away	author	Larry Niven
Gods and Generals	author	Jeffrey Shaara
The Last Full Measure	author	Jeffrey Shaara
American Notes	author	Charles Dickens
'Tis	author	Frank McCourt
White-Jacket	author	Herman Melville
Patriot Games	author	Tom Clancy
Barefoot Gen	author	Keiji Nakazawa
Barefoot Gen	author	Keiji Nakazawa
Barefoot Gen	author	Kyo Kijima
Barefoot Gen	author	Kazuma Yoshimura
Barefoot Gen	author	Yoshiaki Fukuma
Hoshin Engi	author	Ryu Fujisaki
Small World: An Academic Romance	author	David Lodge
Beneath the Wheel	author	Hermann Hesse
Changing Places	author	David Lodge
The Approach to Al-Mu'tasim	author	Jorge Luis Borges
Death's Domain	author	Terry Pratchett and Stephen Briggs
The Botany of Desire	author	Michael Pollan
A Lost Lady	author	Willa Cather
A Very British Coup	author	Chris Mullin
No One Writes to the Colonel	author	Gabriel García Márquez
Young Goodman Brown	author	Nathaniel Hawthorne
Nicholas Nickleby	author	Charles Dickens
Social.fm	author	Srivats Sampath
The Partner	author	John Grisham
Skipping Christmas	author	John Grisham
Reign: The Conqueror	author	Hiroshi Aramata
Fevre Dream	author	George R. R. Martin
The Unpleasant Profession of Jonathan Hoag	author	Robert A. Heinlein
A Fine Balance	author	Rohinton Mistry
The Firm	author	John Grisham
Niji-iro Tōgarashi	author	Mitsuru Adachi
Atom: Journey Across the Subatomic Cosmos	author	Isaac Asimov
Night Watch	author	Sergei Lukyanenko
The Cobweb	author	Neal Stephenson
Interface	author	Neal Stephenson and George Jewsbury
Tipping the Velvet	author	Sarah Waters
Hen	author	Hiroya Oku
Gantz	author	Hiroya Oku
Roma Sub Rosa	author	Steven Saylor
Darkover Landfall	author	Marion Zimmer Bradley
Stormqueen!	author	Marion Zimmer Bradley
An Area of Darkness	author	V. S. Naipaul
Wedding Preparations in the Country	author	Franz Kafka
The Judgment	author	Franz Kafka
Pompeii	author	Robert Harris
Kodocha	author	Miho Obana
Midori Days	author	Kazurou Inoue
G-Taste	author	Hiroki Yagami
A Light in the Attic	author	Shel Silverstein
Reliance of the Traveller	author	Ahmad ibn Naqib al-Misri
Bruny Surin	author	Bruni Surin and Saïd Khalil
Pnin	author	Vladimir Nabokov
Digital Fortress	author	Dan Brown
Hawkmistress!	author	Marion Zimmer Bradley
The Destruction of the European Jews	author	Raul Hilberg
The Complete Beatles Recording Sessions	author	Mark Lewisohn
Slow River	author	Nicola Griffith
The Simple Art of Murder	author	Raymond Chandler
The Blind Owl	author	Sadegh Hedayat
Artemis Fowl: The Opal Deception	author	Eoin Colfer
The Secret Doctrine	author	Helena Blavatsky
Prague	author	Arthur Phillips
Star of the Guardians	author	Margaret Weis
Cloudstreet	author	Tim Winton
The Hollow	author	Agatha Christie
The Origins of Totalitarianism	author	Hannah Arendt
Knife of Dreams	author	Robert Jordan
Delicious	author	Joshua Schachter
The Great Explosion	author	Eric Frank Russell
Over Sea, Under Stone	author	Susan Cooper
Dune: The Butlerian Jihad	author	Brian Herbert and Kevin J. Anderson
Hanaukyo Maid Team	author	Morishige
Rise to Rebellion	author	Jeff Shaara
Lucifer's Hammer	author	Larry Niven
Lucifer's Hammer	author	Jerry Pournelle
Earth Abides	author	George R. Stewart
Junie B. Jones	author	Barbara Park
I'm OK – You're OK	author	Thomas Anthony Harris
Dune: The Machine Crusade	author	Brian Herbert and Kevin J. Anderson
. . . That Thou Art Mindful of Him	author	Isaac Asimov
Casanova's Chinese Restaurant	author	Anthony Powell
Love on the Dole	author	Walter Greenwood
A Time of Changes	author	Robert Silverberg
Downward to the Earth	author	Robert Silverberg
The Ancestor's Tale	author	Richard Dawkins
In Death Ground	author	David Weber
In Death Ground	author	Steve White
The Shiva Option	author	David Weber
The Shiva Option	author	Steve White
Moment in Peking	author	Lin Yutang
The Flying Circus of Physics	author	Jearl Walker
Steam Detectives	author	Kia Asamiya
Biographical Dictionary of the Extreme Right Since 1890	author	Philip Rees
Holes	author	Louis Sachar
Getting Things Done	author	David Allen
The Curse of Peladon	author	Brian Hayles
The Lost City of the Jedi	author	Paul Davids
The Notebooks of Lazarus Long	author	Robert A. Heinlein
ESET NOD32	author	ESET
The Alchymist's Cat	author	Robin Jarvis
The Enemy Papers	author	Barry B. Longyear
Sparse	author	Linus Torvalds
The Pillars of Creation	author	Terry Goodkind
Memoirs Found in a Bathtub	author	Stanisław Lem
The Pursuit of the House-Boat	author	John Kendrick Bangs
The War Against the Jews	author	Lucy Dawidowicz
Pollyanna	author	Eleanor H. Porter
Nigger Heaven	author	Carl Van Vechten
The Dragonbone Chair	author	Tad Williams
Dragonfly: NASA and the Crisis Aboard Mir	author	Bryan Burrough
The John Varley Reader	author	John Varley
Magician	author	Raymond E. Feist
The Cruel Sea	author	Nicholas Monsarrat
Revenue On-Line Service	author	Government of Ireland
CMU Common Lisp	author	Carnegie Mellon University
Futari wa Pretty Cure	author	Izumi Todo
The Carpet People	author	Terry Pratchett
The World Inside	author	Robert Silverberg
Iptables	author	Rusty Russell
The Uplift War	author	David Brin
The Female Man	author	Joanna Russ
Crux Ansata	author	H. G. Wells
Children of Gebelawi	author	Naguib Mahfouz
Demi-Gods and Semi-Devils	author	Jin Yong
My Ishmael	author	Daniel Quinn
Paper Lion	author	George Plimpton
Ideas Have Consequences	author	Richard M. Weaver
Beggars in Spain	author	Nancy Kress
Cities of the Red Night	author	William S. Burroughs
Dune: The Battle of Corrin	author	Brian Herbert and Kevin J. Anderson
Persistence of Memory	author	Amelia Atwater-Rhodes
Dandelion Wine	author	Ray Bradbury
Generation Warriors	author	Anne McCaffrey and
Generation Warriors	author	Elizabeth Moon
The Chocolate War	author	Robert Cormier
SilverFin	author	Charlie Higson
Newsmax	author	Christopher Ruddy
Concepts of Modern Mathematics	author	Ian Stewart
Evolving the Alien	author	Jack Cohen and Ian Stewart
The House of Hunger	author	Dambudzo Marechera
RG Veda	author	Clamp
What Do You Care What Other People Think%3F	author	Richard Feynman
The Marble Faun	author	Nathaniel Hawthorne
The Appeal of Fascism	author	Alastair Hamilton
Bastard!!	author	Kazushi Hagiwara
The Polar Express	author	Chris Van Allsburg
Irrational Exuberance	author	Robert Shiller
The Light and the Dark	author	Charles Percy Snow
Descartes' Error	author	António Damásio
Hoot	author	Carl Hiaasen
Bless Me, Ultima	author	Rudolfo Anaya
Clannad	author	Jun Maeda, Yūichi Suzumoto, Kai, Tōya Okano
Clannad	author	Key
Air	author	Key
Titan	author	Stephen Baxter
The Gemini Contenders	author	Robert Ludlum
The Dune Encyclopedia	author	Willis E. McNelly
Magical Pokémon Journey	author	Yumi Tsukirino
Pokémon: The Electric Tale of Pikachu	author	Toshihiro Ono
The Food of the Gods and How It Came to Earth	author	H. G. Wells
George Passant	author	Charles Percy Snow
The Exploits of Sherlock Holmes	author	Adrian Conan Doyle and John Dickson Carr
Fatal Vision controversy	author	Joe McGinniss
My Further Disillusionment in Russia	author	Emma Goldman
Under the Greenwood Tree	author	Thomas Hardy
Desperate Remedies	author	Thomas Hardy
A Pair of Blue Eyes	author	Thomas Hardy
The Return of the Native	author	Thomas Hardy
Turtle Geometry	author	Hal Abelson and Andrea diSessa
The World of Suzie Wong	author	Richard Mason
Wise Blood	author	Flannery O'Connor
Dragondrums	author	Anne McCaffrey
Riders of the Purple Sage	author	Zane Grey
Virtual Light	author	William Gibson
Idoru	author	William Gibson
Hills Like White Elephants	author	Ernest Hemingway
William Wilson	author	Edgar Allan Poe
Don't Make Me Think	author	Steve Krug
The Fifteen Decisive Battles of the World	author	Edward Shepherd Creasy
Blackwood Farm	author	Anne Rice
Evil Under the Sun	author	Agatha Christie
Devil Hunter Yohko	author	Gaku Miyao
Sorcerer's Apprentice	author	Tahir Shah
The Raw and the Cooked	author	Claude Lévi-Strauss
Moon Shot	author	Alan Shepard, Deke Slayton, Jay Barbree, and Howard Benedict
Wikispecies	author	Benedikt Mandl ; Jimmy Wales and the Wikimedia community
Horse Under Water	author	Len Deighton
The Naked God	author	Peter F. Hamilton
The Neutronium Alchemist	author	Peter F. Hamilton
Airframe	author	Michael Crichton
The Sneetches and Other Stories	author	Dr. Seuss
An Unusual Angle	author	Greg Egan
Evelina	author	Fanny Burney
Mardi	author	Herman Melville
The Gulf War Did Not Take Place	author	Jean Baudrillard
Sputnik Sweetheart	author	Haruki Murakami
The Screwfly Solution	author	Raccoona Sheldon
Houston, Houston, Do You Read%3F	author	James Tiptree, Jr.
Love Is the Plan the Plan Is Death	author	James Tiptree, Jr.
Yahoo! Games	author	Yahoo!
3×3 Eyes	author	Yuzo Takada
My Friend Flicka	author	Mary O'Hara
Oroonoko	author	Aphra Behn
A Planet Called Treason	author	Orson Scott Card
The Guide	author	R. K. Narayan
The Soul of a New Machine	author	Tracy Kidder
Omoo	author	Herman Melville
Vampire Princess Miyu	author	Narumi Kakinouchi
Vampire Princess Miyu	author	Toshiki Hirano
The Last Hurrah	author	Edwin O'Connor
GNU Linear Programming Kit	author	MaxorinAndrejjOlegovich
The Ebony Tower	author	John Fowles
A Short History of Nearly Everything	author	Bill Bryson
Monstrous Regiment	author	Terry Pratchett
The Plot Against America	author	Philip Roth
Eden	author	Stanisław Lem
Mary Poppins Opens the Door	author	P. L. Travers
The European Dream	author	Jeremy Rifkin
Biographia Literaria	author	Samuel Taylor Coleridge
Ringworld's Children	author	Larry Niven
Blade of the Immortal	author	Hiroaki Samura
Imajica	author	Clive Barker
Dark Age Ahead	author	Jane Jacobs
The Man with the Twisted Lip	author	Arthur Conan Doyle
The Adventure of the Blue Carbuncle	author	Arthur Conan Doyle
The Adventure of the Speckled Band	author	Arthur Conan Doyle
The Adventure of the Engineer's Thumb	author	Arthur Conan Doyle
The Adventure of the Noble Bachelor	author	Arthur Conan Doyle
The Adventure of the Beryl Coronet	author	Arthur Conan Doyle
The Frankenfood Myth	author	Henry I. Miller
The Adventure of the Copper Beeches	author	Arthur Conan Doyle
The Motorcycle Diaries	author	Ernesto %22Che%22 Guevara
Comanche Moon	author	Larry McMurtry
Tarzan of the Apes	author	Edgar Rice Burroughs
The Dark Tower VII: The Dark Tower	author	Stephen King
The Andalite Chronicles	author	K. A. Applegate
Deception Point	author	Dan Brown
Surely You're Joking, Mr. Feynman!	author	Ralph Leighton and Richard Feynman
Love in the Time of Cholera	author	Gabriel García Márquez
Gai-Jin	author	James Clavell
Rite of Passage	author	Alexei Panshin
Ammonite	author	Nicola Griffith
The Bloody Chamber	author	Angela Carter
Fantastic Voyage	author	Isaac Asimov
Ejabberd	author	Alexey Shchepin
First Among Equals	author	Jeffrey Archer
Octopussy and The Living Daylights	author	Ian Fleming
Thrilling Cities	author	Ian Fleming
Elfen Lied	author	Lynn Okamoto
Banana Fish	author	Akimi Yoshida
Death Note	author	Tsugumi Ohba
Death Note	author	Nisio Isin
De revolutionibus orbium coelestium	author	Nicolaus Copernicus
Up the Down Staircase	author	Bel Kaufman
Fungus the Bogeyman	author	Raymond Briggs
The Lottery	author	Shirley Jackson
Clamp School Detectives	author	Clamp
A Summons to Memphis	author	Peter Matthew Hillsman Taylor
The Monster at the End of This Book: Starring Lovable, Furry Old Grover	author	Jon Stone
The Beast Reawakens	author	Martin A. Lee
Coma	author	Robin Cook
De humani corporis fabrica	author	Andreas Vesalius
Sphinx	author	Robin Cook
The Spirit of St. Louis	author	Charles A. Lindbergh
Fever	author	Robin Cook
Godplayer	author	Robin Cook
Mindbend	author	Robin Cook
Kaffir Boy	author	Mark Mathabane
Farewell to Manzanar	author	Jeanne Wakatsuki Houston
Farewell to Manzanar	author	James D. Houston
A Princess of Mars	author	Edgar Rice Burroughs
Sentimental Education	author	Gustave Flaubert
Faceless Killers	author	Henning Mankell
He Who Whispers	author	John Dickson Carr
The Crooked Hinge	author	John Dickson Carr
Book of Documents	author	Various; compilation traditionally attributed to Confucius
Much Obliged, Jeeves	author	P. G. Wodehouse
Blood Canticle	author	Anne Rice
Buso Renkin	author	Nobuhiro Watsuki
Napoleon Disentimed	author	Hayford Peirce
Earthly Powers	author	Anthony Burgess
The Dreamers	author	David Eddings
Sanctuary	author	William Faulkner
A Greek–English Lexicon	author	Henry George Liddell, Robert Scott, Henry Stuart Jones, and Roderick McKenzie
The Yellow Wallpaper	author	Charlotte Perkins Gilman
Nightshade	author	Jack Butler
A Hero of Our Time	author	Mikhail Lermontov
Versed	author	Rae Armantrout
A Man in Full	author	Tom Wolfe
Shake Hands with the Devil	author	Roméo Dallaire
The Blackwater Lightship	author	Colm Tóibín
Jonathan Strange & Mr Norrell	author	Susanna Clarke
The Last Don	author	Mario Puzo
The Gutenberg Galaxy	author	Marshall McLuhan
Manual of the Planes	author	Jeff Grubb
Manual of the Planes	author	Jeff Grubb, Bruce R. Cordell, and David Noonan
Manual of the Planes	author	Richard Baker, John Rogers, Robert J. Schwalb, and James Wyatt
Infinite Ryvius	author	Yōsuke Kuroda
Those Who Hunt Elves	author	Yu Yagami
The Seven Sins of Memory	author	Daniel L. Schacter
BLAST model checker	author	Dirk Beyer, Thomas Henzinger, Ranjit Jhala, Rupak Majumdar, Berkeley
Disney A to Z	author	Dave Smith
Disney Animation: The Illusion of Life	author	Ollie Johnston
Disney Animation: The Illusion of Life	author	Frank Thomas
National Lampoon's Doon	author	Ellis Weiner
I Am the Cheese	author	Robert Cormier
Kinnikuman	author	Yudetamago
Frost & Fire	author	Roger Zelazny
The Last Defender of Camelot	author	Roger Zelazny
Manna from Heaven	author	Roger Zelazny
My Name Is Legion	author	Roger Zelazny
Unicorn Variations	author	Roger Zelazny
The Joy of Cooking	author	Irma S. Rombauer
The Carpathian Castle	author	Jules Verne
Deseret News	author	The Deseret News
Wag the Dog	author	Larry Beinhart
Trout Fishing in America	author	Richard Brautigan
He Died with a Felafel in His Hand	author	John Birmingham
Leucippe and Clitophon	author	Achilles Tatius
Autumn Visits	author	Sergey Lukyanenko
Yaiba	author	Gosho Aoyama
Magic Kaito	author	Gosho Aoyama
Mental Ray	author	Mental Images
Black Sun	author	Edward Abbey
Kenya Mountain	author	E.A.T. Dutton
The Sleepwalkers	author	Arthur Koestler
Janus: A Summing Up	author	Arthur Koestler
God's Playground	author	Norman Davies
The Woodlanders	author	Thomas Hardy
Two on a Tower	author	Thomas Hardy
I%22s	author	Masakazu Katsura
The Third Policeman	author	Flann O'Brien
Ai Yori Aoshi	author	Kou Fumizuki
The Black Book of Communism	author	Stéphane Courtois
The Black Book of Communism	author	Nicolas Werth
The Black Book of Communism	author	Andrzej Paczkowski
The Black Book of Communism	author	Ehrhart Neubert
The Black Book of Communism	author	Joachim Gauck
The Kindaichi Case Files	author	Yōzaburō Kanari
The Kindaichi Case Files	author	Seimaru Amagi
The Kindaichi Case Files	author	Tadashi Agi
The Kindaichi Case Files	author	Shin Kibayashi
Under the Banner of Heaven	author	Jon Krakauer
Moral Mazes	author	Robert Jackall
West of Eden	author	Harry Harrison
What's Bred in the Bone	author	Robertson Davies
On a Pale Horse	author	Piers Anthony
The Twin Dilemma	author	Eric Saward
Genshiken	author	Shimoku Kio
The Stars Shine Down	author	Sidney Sheldon
The Half Gallon Quarter Acre Pavlova Paradise	author	Austin Mitchell
Dombey and Son	author	Charles Dickens
The Oval Portrait	author	Edgar Allan Poe
How Europe Underdeveloped Africa	author	Walter Rodney
My Dark Places	author	James Ellroy
Gankutsuou: The Count of Monte Cristo	author	Mahiro Maeda
Cairo	author	Keith Packard, Carl Worth
The Forty Days of Musa Dagh	author	Franz Werfel
The Other Boleyn Girl	author	Philippa Gregory
Mrs. Frisby and the Rats of NIMH	author	Robert C. O'Brien
Power Line	author	John H. Hinderaker, Scott W. Johnson, and Paul Mirengoff
Requiem for a Dream	author	Hubert Selby, Jr.
Vathek	author	William Thomas Beckford
Le Lisp	author	INRIA
On the Black Hill	author	Bruce Chatwin
Steel Angel Kurumi	author	Kaishaku
Sukeban Deka	author	Shinji Wada
Travels with Charley	author	John Steinbeck
Global Garden	author	Saki Hiwatari
Imzadi	author	Peter David
The Moor's Last Sigh	author	Salman Rushdie
CherryOS	author	Arben Kryeziu
Disco Bloodbath	author	James St. James
Apocalypso	author	Robert Rankin
Spring Snow	author	Yukio Mishima
Seduction of the Innocent	author	Fredric Wertham
The Modern Antiquarian	author	Julian Cope
Go Down, Moses	author	William Faulkner
The Sigma Protocol	author	Robert Ludlum
Clover	author	Clamp
The Keepers of the House	author	Shirley Ann Grau
Half Past Human	author	T. J. Bass
Atlantida	author	Pierre Benoît
Message to Adolf	author	Osamu Tezuka
Phoenix	author	Osamu Tezuka
The Thanatos Syndrome	author	Walker Percy
Strandloper	author	Alan Garner
The Road to Reality	author	Roger Penrose
Plantae Asiaticae Rariores	author	Nathaniel Wallich
The Mind of God	author	Paul Davies
The Canary Murder Case	author	S. S. Van Dine
The Greene Murder Case	author	S. S. Van Dine
The Scarab Murder Case	author	S. S. Van Dine
The Bishop Murder Case	author	S. S. Van Dine
The Kidnap Murder Case	author	S. S. Van Dine
The Winter Murder Case	author	S. S. Van Dine
The Kennel Murder Case	author	S.S. Van Dine
The Gracie Allen Murder Case	author	S. S. Van Dine
Orthodoxy	author	G. K. Chesterton
Black Athena	author	Martin Bernal
Bouvard et Pécuchet	author	Gustave Flaubert
Advise and Consent	author	Allen Drury
Two Planets	author	Kurd Lasswitz
The Concept of Mind	author	Gilbert Ryle
Yippy	author	Carnegie Mellon University researchers
The Last of the Really Great Whangdoodles	author	Julie Andrews
The Tao of Physics	author	Fritjof Capra
Encyclopædia Iranica	author	1300
Encyclopædia Iranica	author	Editor-in-chief: Ehsan Yarshater
Tribes of Redwall Otters	author	Brian Jacques
The Nose	author	Nikolai Gogol
Blind Man's Bluff: The Untold Story of American Submarine Espionage	author	Sherry Sontag and Christopher Drew with Annette Lawrence Drew
School Rumble	author	Jin Kobayashi
Cyber Team in Akihabara	author	Tsukasa Kotobuki
The Line of Beauty	author	Alan Hollinghurst
The Old Man of Lochnagar	author	Charles, Prince of Wales
The Smoke Ring	author	Larry Niven
Stars in My Pocket Like Grains of Sand	author	Samuel R. Delany
The Valley of the Squinting Windows	author	Brinsley MacNamara
Stone of Tears	author	Terry Goodkind
The Invasion of Time	author	Terrance Dicks
The Leopard's Spots	author	Thomas Dixon, Jr.
Mordant's Need	author	Stephen R. Donaldson
A Wind in the Door	author	Madeleine L'Engle
The Long Patrol	author	Brian Jacques
Netherland	author	Joseph O'Neill
The Big Time	author	Fritz Leiber
Blinking with Fists	author	Billy Corgan
GNU Radio	author	Eric Blossom
The Four Loves	author	C. S. Lewis
The Last Juror	author	John Grisham
The Secret Life of Walter Mitty	author	James Thurber
Harpist in the Wind	author	Patricia A. McKillip
Gardens of the Moon	author	Steven Erikson
Islandia	author	Austin Tappan Wright
The Megalithic European	author	Julian Cope
Malazan Book of the Fallen	author	Steven Erikson
Schismatrix	author	Bruce Sterling
Hating America: The New World Sport	author	John Gibson
Princess Knight	author	Osamu Tezuka
The Mystery at Lilac Inn	author	Carolyn Keene
The City of Ember	author	Jeanne DuPrau
The Hollow Tree	author	Janet Lunn
Earthworks	author	Brian Aldiss
Yu-Gi-Oh! GX	author	Naoyuki Kageyama
The Great American Novel	author	Philip Roth
Heir to the Empire	author	Timothy Zahn
Dark Force Rising	author	Timothy Zahn
The Time Warrior	author	Terrance Dicks and Robert Holmes
The Celestine Prophecy	author	James Redfield
The Sontaran Experiment	author	Ian Marter
The Abolition of Man	author	C. S. Lewis
The Locked Room	author	Sjöwall and Wahlöö
The Angel's Command	author	Brian Jacques
Castaways of the Flying Dutchman	author	Brian Jacques
City of Golden Shadow	author	Tad Williams
Thuvia, Maid of Mars	author	Edgar Rice Burroughs
Sisters	author	Lynne Cheney
GNOME-DB	author	The GNOME Project
Our Band Could Be Your Life	author	Michael Azerrad
The New Soldier	author	Vietnam Veterans Against the War and John Kerry
Fires of Eden	author	Dan Simmons
Hey Nostradamus!	author	Douglas Coupland
Five Little Pigs	author	Agatha Christie
Intermediate Perl	author	Randal L. Schwartz, brian d foy, Tom Phoenix
Rose Madder	author	Stephen King
Seventh Son	author	Orson Scott Card
Rupert of Hentzau	author	Anthony Hope
The Humane Interface	author	Jef Raskin
Tono-Bungay	author	H. G. Wells
The Evidence of Things Not Seen	author	James Baldwin
Boards.ie	author	John Breslin
Eaters of the Dead	author	Michael Crichton
The Clan of the Cave Bear	author	Jean M. Auel
AWStats	author	
Twenty Cases Suggestive of Reincarnation	author	Ian Stevenson
The Ill-Made Knight	author	T. H. White
Boonville	author	Robert Mailer Anderson
Song of Solomon	author	Toni Morrison
The Betrayal of America	author	Vincent Bugliosi
The Two Doctors	author	Robert Holmes
Girl Got Game	author	Shizuru Seino
Discipline and Punish	author	Michel Foucault
The Heart of Princess Osra	author	Anthony Hope
Genetics and the Origin of Species	author	Theodosius Dobzhansky
Roadside Picnic	author	Arkady and Boris Strugatsky
GNU Scientific Library	author	Mark Galassi, James Theiler, Brian Gough, Gerard Jungman and many others
White Teeth	author	Zadie Smith
My Uncle Oswald	author	Roald Dahl
Boy's Life	author	Robert R. McCammon
Red Dog	author	Louis de Bernières
The 500 Hats of Bartholomew Cubbins	author	Dr. Seuss
The Death Ship	author	B. Traven
The Twits	author	Roald Dahl
The Magic Finger	author	Roald Dahl
George's Marvellous Medicine	author	Roald Dahl
Esio Trot	author	Roald Dahl
The Vicar of Nibbleswicke	author	Roald Dahl
Yargo	author	Jacqueline Susann
For Love of the Game	author	Michael Shaara
Cobra Trap	author	Peter O'Donnell
Death and What Comes Next	author	Terry Pratchett
ArtistShare	author	Brian Camelio
An Unsuitable Job for a Woman	author	P. D. James
The Lions of Al-Rassan	author	Guy Gavriel Kay
Cloop	author	Rusty Russell
The Cunning Man	author	Robertson Davies
Scorpius	author	John Gardner
The Amateur Marriage	author	Anne Tyler
Crabwalk	author	Günter Grass
Mossflower	author	Brian Jacques
Into the Wild	author	Jon Krakauer
Johnny Tremain	author	Esther Forbes
Lord Brocktree	author	Brian Jacques
Martin the Warrior	author	Brian Jacques
The True Believer	author	Eric Hoffer
Binary	author	Michael Crichton
Lords of Chaos	author	Michael Moynihan, Didrik Søderlind
Voyage from Yesteryear	author	James P. Hogan
Mortal Engines	author	Philip Reeve
The Commanding Heights	author	Daniel Yergin
The Commanding Heights	author	Joseph Stanislaw
Eyeless in Gaza	author	Aldous Huxley
I quattro libri dell'architettura	author	Andrea Palladio
Payasos en la lavadora	author	Álex de la Iglesia
Predator's Gold	author	Philip Reeve
One-Dimensional Man	author	Herbert Marcuse
How Far Can You Go%3F	author	David Lodge
Horton Hatches the Egg	author	Dr. Seuss
Moonseed	author	Stephen Baxter
Bobobo-bo Bo-bobo	author	Yoshio Sawai
The Sickness Unto Death	author	Søren Kierkegaard
The Dagger of Kamui	author	Tetsu Yano
The Origins of Virtue	author	Matt Ridley
I Am Spock	author	Leonard Nimoy
Sabbath's Theater	author	Philip Roth
Gunsmith Cats	author	Kenichi Sonoda
Dragon Knights	author	Mineko Ohkami
People of the Black Mountains	author	Raymond Williams
Night Surf	author	Stephen King
The Mangler	author	Stephen King
The Demon Ororon	author	Hakase Mizuki
Odd Thomas	author	Dean Koontz
Dune: House Atreides	author	Brian Herbert and Kevin J. Anderson
A House-Boat on the Styx	author	John Kendrick Bangs
The Society of the Spectacle	author	Guy Debord
Emeka	author	Frederick Forsyth
Ficciones	author	Jorge Luis Borges
Shamo	author	Izo Hashimoto
Hannibal Rising	author	Thomas Harris
Fantastic Voyage II: Destination Brain	author	Isaac Asimov
The Stupidest Angel	author	Christopher Moore
The Teeth of the Tiger	author	Tom Clancy
The Ballad of the Flexible Bullet	author	Stephen King
Here There Be Tygers	author	Ray Bradbury
Notes on a Scandal	author	Zoë Heller
Cycle of the Werewolf	author	Stephen King
Official History of Australia in the War of 1914–1918	author	Charles Bean
The Kreutzer Sonata	author	Leo Tolstoy
The Age of Intelligent Machines	author	Raymond Kurzweil
Knight Templar	author	Leslie Charteris
News from Nowhere	author	William Morris
The 10%25 Solution for a Healthy Life	author	Raymond Kurzweil
The Dream-Quest of Unknown Kadath	author	H. P. Lovecraft
The Man Who Planted Trees	author	Jean Giono
Cloak of Deception	author	James Luceno
Climbing Mount Improbable	author	Richard Dawkins
Black House	author	Stephen King
Black House	author	Peter Straub
The Source	author	James A. Michener
Cloudsplitter	author	Russell Banks
Eye for Eye	author	Orson Scott Card
NaviServer	author	NaviSoft
Monsignor Quixote	author	Graham Greene
The Ghost Writer	author	Philip Roth
Goku Midnight Eye	author	Buichi Terasawa
Politics	author	Adam Thirlwell
Talking Points Memo	author	Josh Marshall
Sociobiology: The New Synthesis	author	Edward O. Wilson
Made in America	author	Bill Bryson
Sartor Resartus	author	Thomas Carlyle
The Phoenix and the Carpet	author	Edith Nesbit
The Basic Eight	author	Daniel Handler
Fake	author	Sanami Matoh
BRL-CAD	author	Mike Muuss
Autobiography of a Yogi	author	Paramahansa Yogananda
Rules of Play	author	Eric Zimmerman
Rules of Play	author	Katie Salen
Lone Pine	author	Malcolm Saville
Not This August	author	Cyril M. Kornbluth
Aljazeera.com	author	Al Jazeera English
Aljazeera.com	author	Al Jazeera America
Aljazeera.com	author	Al Jazeera Balkans
The Warlock of Firetop Mountain	author	Steve Jackson and
The Warlock of Firetop Mountain	author	Ian Livingstone
Bridget Jones: The Edge of Reason	author	Helen Fielding
Tropic of Capricorn	author	Henry Miller
Grumbles from the Grave	author	Robert A. Heinlein
Jud Süß	author	Wilhelm Hauff
Doctor Glas	author	Hjalmar Söderberg
Thompson shell	author	Ken Thompson
Direct Rendering Infrastructure	author	Keith Packard et al.
Expect	author	Don Libes
A Dog of Flanders	author	Ouida
The General in His Labyrinth	author	Gabriel García Márquez
Birdsong	author	Sebastian Faulks
The Complete Fairy Tales of Hermann Hesse	author	Hermann Hesse
A Little Princess	author	Frances Hodgson Burnett
The Face on the Milk Carton	author	Caroline B. Cooney
True History of the Kelly Gang	author	Peter Carey
White Noise	author	Don DeLillo
The Early Ayn Rand	author	Ayn Rand
The Man Who Japed	author	Philip K. Dick
The Grantville Gazette	author	Eric Flint, et al.
The Spire	author	William Golding
Warchild	author	Karin Lowachee
Lucky Wander Boy	author	D.B. Weiss
Five Patients	author	Michael Crichton
Daphne in the Brilliant Blue	author	Satoshi Shiki
Snow Country	author	Yasunari Kawabata
The Valley of Fear	author	Arthur Conan Doyle
Past Mortem	author	Ben Elton
And Quiet Flows the Don	author	Mikhail Aleksandrovich Sholokhov
Six Days of the Condor	author	James Grady
Book of Imaginary Beings	author	Jorge Luis Borges with Margarita Guerrero
The Black Cauldron	author	Lloyd Alexander
Norwegian Wood	author	Haruki Murakami
America	author	Jon Stewart
America	author	Ben Karlin
America	author	David Javerbaum
America	author	with
America	author	Samantha Bee
America	author	Rich Blomquist
America	author	Steve Bodow
America	author	Tim Carvell
America	author	Stephen Colbert
America	author	Rob Corddry
America	author	Eric Drysdale
America	author	Ed Helms
America	author	Chris Regan
America	author	Brendan Hay
America	author	Jon Stewart
America	author	Ben Karlin
America	author	David Javerbaum
America	author	Samantha Bee
America	author	Rich Blomquist
America	author	Steve Bodow
America	author	Tim Carvell
America	author	Stephen Colbert
America	author	Rob Corddry
America	author	Eric Drysdale
America	author	Ed Helms
America	author	Chris Regan
America	author	Brendan Hay
America	author	Stanley K. Schultz
Whirlwind	author	James Clavell
Anatomy of Criticism	author	Herman Northrop Frye
Dream Park	author	Larry Niven
Dream Park	author	Steven Barnes
The Magician	author	W. Somerset Maugham
A Pattern Language	author	Christopher Alexander, Sara Ishikawa, Murray Silverstein
Flickr	author	Ludicorp
Silas Marner	author	George Eliot
Don Juan Tenorio	author	José Zorilla
Not a Penny More, Not a Penny Less	author	Jeffrey Archer
FlashGet	author	侯延堂
Alias Grace	author	Margaret Atwood
Cousin Bette	author	Honoré de Balzac
The Hipster Handbook	author	Robert Lanham
I Am Charlotte Simmons	author	Tom Wolfe
Akhenaten: Son of the Sun	author	Moyra Caldecott
First Love	author	Ivan Turgenev
Hatshepsut: Daughter of Amun	author	Moyra Caldecott
Tenchi Muyo! GXP	author	Masaki Kajishima
Tenchi Muyo! GXP	author	Masaki Kajishima
A Confession	author	Leo Tolstoy
The Natural	author	Bernard Malamud
Pyramids of Mars	author	Terrance Dicks
Story Time	author	Edward Bloor
A Patchwork Planet	author	Anne Tyler
The Circus of Dr. Lao	author	Charles G. Finney
The Amityville Horror	author	Jay Anson
The Fist of God	author	Frederick Forsyth
Electoral-vote.com	author	Andrew S. Tanenbaum
Taltos	author	Anne Rice
Naked Empire	author	Terry Goodkind
The Pillars of the Earth	author	Ken Follett
Blood of the Fold	author	Terry Goodkind
Temple of the Winds	author	Terry Goodkind
Soul of the Fire	author	Terry Goodkind
The Professor	author	Charlotte Brontë
The House of the Spirits	author	Isabel Allende
Ashita no Nadja	author	Izumi Todo
Mirette on the High Wire	author	Emily Arnold McCully
Legal Drug	author	Clamp
The Five People You Meet in Heaven	author	Mitch Albom
On Intelligence	author	Jeff Hawkins
On Intelligence	author	Sandra Blakeslee
Phaic Tăn	author	Tom Gleisner
Phaic Tăn	author	Santo Cilauro
Phaic Tăn	author	Rob Sitch
Everything and More	author	David Foster Wallace
Shantaram	author	Gregory David Roberts
Roots: The Saga of an American Family	author	Alex Haley
Miguel Street	author	V. S. Naipaul
Blinky Bill	author	Dorothy Wall
Loving	author	Henry Green
Red Carpet	author	Ximian
King Rat	author	James Clavell
King Rat	author	China Miéville
Yu-Gi-Oh! R	author	Akira Itō
To Your Scattered Bodies Go	author	Philip José Farmer
The Fabulous Riverboat	author	Philip José Farmer
The Dark Design	author	Philip José Farmer
The Guns of the South	author	Harry Turtledove
MovieTome	author	CNET
The Winter of Our Discontent	author	John Steinbeck
The Wind from Nowhere	author	J. G. Ballard
I Am the Doorway	author	Stephen King
Le Grand Meaulnes	author	Alain-Fournier
Bear Island	author	Alistair MacLean
The Golden Gate	author	Vikram Seth
Abramowitz and Stegun	author	Milton Abramowitz and Irene Ann Stegun
The Smithsonian Institution	author	Gore Vidal
Superman: Last Son of Krypton	author	Elliot S. Maggin
Black Elk Speaks	author	John G. Neihardt
Miracle Monday	author	Elliot S. Maggin
Enchantment	author	Orson Scott Card
Roadwork	author	Stephen King
Glamorama	author	Bret Easton Ellis
An African in Greenland	author	Tété-Michel Kpomassie
The Thousand Orcs	author	R. A. Salvatore
The October Country	author	Ray Bradbury
The Lone Drow	author	R. A. Salvatore
Pieces of Modesty	author	Peter O'Donnell
La Galatea	author	Miguel de Cervantes
Lady Snowblood	author	Kazuo Koike
Objectivism: The Philosophy of Ayn Rand	author	Leonard Peikoff
Anandamath	author	Bankim Chandra Chattopadhyay
Pandora	author	Anne Rice
Lest Darkness Fall	author	L. Sprague de Camp
The Feminine Mystique	author	Betty Friedan
Unico	author	Osamu Tezuka
The Fantasies of Robert A. Heinlein	author	Robert A. Heinlein
The Wonderful Story of Henry Sugar and Six More	author	Roald Dahl
An Experiment with Time	author	John William Dunne
The Pyramid	author	Ismail Kadare
The Golden Master	author	Walter B. Gibson
Judas, My Brother	author	Frank Yerby
Sab	author	Gertrudis Gomez de Avellaneda
Tales of the South Pacific	author	James A. Michener
Smyth Report	author	Henry DeWolf Smyth
The Flight of the Phoenix	author	Elleston Trevor
Flame of Recca	author	Nobuyuki Anzai
Life of Samuel Johnson	author	James Boswell
Sguil	author	Bamm Visscher, Steve Halligan
Blue Seed	author	Yuzo Takada
Tuxedo Gin	author	Tokihiko Matsuura
Hatchet	author	Gary Paulsen
Red River	author	Chie Shinohara
Hyper Police	author	Minoru Tachikawa
El filibusterismo	author	José Rizal
Armor	author	John Steakley
The Skylark of Space	author	E. E. Smith
Omeros	author	Derek Walcott
The Card	author	Arnold Bennett
GameSpy Arcade	author	GameSpy Industries
The Brethren	author	John Grisham
Where the Wild Things Are	author	Maurice Sendak
These Old Shades	author	Georgette Heyer
The Varieties of Religious Experience	author	William James
The Prize: The Epic Quest for Oil, Money, and Power	author	Daniel Yergin
Mai, the Psychic Girl	author	Kazuya Kudō
Ripley Under Ground	author	Patricia Highsmith
Narrative of the Life of Frederick Douglass, an American Slave	author	Frederick Douglass
Incidents in the Life of a Slave Girl	author	Harriet Ann Jacobs
XORP	author	Mark Handley
American Government	author	James Q. Wilson
American Government	author	John J. DiIulio, Jr.
American Government	author	Meena Bose
Iron Sunrise	author	Charles Stross
Rush to Judgment	author	Mark Lane
The Terminal Man	author	Michael Crichton
The Wolf's Hour	author	Robert R. McCammon
The Weapon Shops of Isher	author	A. E. van Vogt
Settling Accounts: Drive to the East	author	Harry Turtledove
Settling Accounts: Return Engagement	author	Harry Turtledove
Three Essays on the Theory of Sexuality	author	Sigmund Freud
A Short Account of the Destruction of the Indies	author	Bartolomé de las Casas
Resistance, Rebellion, and Death	author	Albert Camus
Wise Children	author	Angela Carter
The Pioneers	author	James Fenimore Cooper
Wicked	author	Gregory Maguire
Hocus Pocus	author	Kurt Vonnegut
Deadeye Dick	author	Kurt Vonnegut
Dream Story	author	Arthur Schnitzler
Zodiac P.I.	author	Natsumi Ando
The Devil's Notebook	author	Anton LaVey
The Compass Rose	author	Ursula K. Le Guin
A Short History of Pakistan	author	Ishtiaq Hussain Qureshi General Editor
Ars Amatoria	author	Ovid
Fathers and Sons	author	Ivan Turgenev
Jack the Ripper: The Final Solution	author	Stephen Knight
Zero Minus Ten	author	Raymond Benson
If He Hollers Let Him Go	author	Chester Himes
Demon City Shinjuku	author	Hideyuki Kikuchi
Rappaccini's Daughter	author	Nathaniel Hawthorne
Mosses from an Old Manse	author	Nathaniel Hawthorne
The Snow-Image, and Other Twice-Told Tales	author	Nathaniel Hawthorne
Darkside Blues	author	Hideyuki Kikuchi
The Fabric of the Cosmos	author	Brian Greene
Samurai Deeper Kyo	author	Akimine Kamijyo
Unlocking the Air and Other Stories	author	Ursula K. Le Guin
A Million Open Doors	author	John Barnes
Letters on the English	author	Voltaire
Wilhelm Meister's Apprenticeship	author	Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
James Bond: The Authorized Biography of 007	author	John Pearson
Colonel Sun	author	Kingsley Amis
Colonel Sun	author	writing as Robert Markham
Phantastes	author	George MacDonald
The Snake's Pass	author	Bram Stoker
The Unknown Shore	author	Patrick O'Brian
The Golden Ocean	author	Patrick O'Brian
Per Fine Ounce	author	Geoffrey Jenkins
A Month in the Country	author	J. L. Carr
Rich Man, Poor Man	author	Irwin Shaw
Dinosaur Planet	author	Anne McCaffrey
The Way Things Work	author	Neil Ardley
Grendizer	author	Go Nagai
Grendizer	author	Go Nagai
Carson of Venus	author	Edgar Rice Burroughs
The Night Land	author	William Hope Hodgson
Glide	author	3
The Red Queen's Race	author	Isaac Asimov
State of Fear	author	Michael Crichton
The Mouse That Roared	author	Leonard Wibberley
Rushing to Paradise	author	J. G. Ballard
Blood of Elves	author	Andrzej Sapkowski
Lighttpd	author	Jan Kneschke
Rebecca	author	Daphne du Maurier
Newlib	author	Cygnus Support
Everyone Poops	author	Tarō Gomi
Mirmo!	author	Hiromu Shinozuka
The Dancing Girl of Izu	author	Yasunari Kawabata
Drawing Down the Moon	author	Margot Adler
Religion Explained	author	Pascal Boyer
Faithful	author	Stewart O'Nan
Faithful	author	Stephen King
To Green Angel Tower	author	Tad Williams
The Diamond Smugglers	author	Ian Fleming
Daisy Miller	author	Henry James
The Best Christmas Pageant Ever	author	Barbara Robinson
Ada or Ardor: A Family Chronicle	author	Vladimir Nabokov
Prime Obsession	author	John Derbyshire
Idlewild	author	Nick Sagan
Volkswagen Blues	author	Jacques Poulin
Hogg	author	Samuel R. Delany
Oriental Adventures	author	Gary Gygax
Oriental Adventures	author	David Cook
Oriental Adventures	author	François Marcela-Froideval
Oriental Adventures	author	James Wyatt
OpenGL ES	author	OpenGL Architecture Review Board
Sula	author	Toni Morrison
Beloved	author	Toni Morrison
King Leopold's Soliloquy	author	Mark Twain
Miyuki-chan in Wonderland	author	Clamp
Ice Blade	author	Tsutomu Takahashi
Philosophy in the Bedroom	author	Marquis de Sade
The Adventure of the Second Stain	author	Arthur Conan Doyle
Grail	author	Guido van Rossum
The Peace War	author	Vernor Vinge
Grenadier	author	Sōsuke Kaise
Marooned in Realtime	author	Vernor Vinge
QED: The Strange Theory of Light and Matter	author	Richard Feynman
The Adventure of the Gloria Scott	author	Arthur Conan Doyle
Haroun and the Sea of Stories	author	Salman Rushdie
A Guide for the Perplexed	author	E. F. Schumacher
Licence Renewed	author	John Gardner
For Special Services	author	John Gardner
Area 88	author	Kaoru Shintani
Harmonia Sacra	author	Joseph Funk
Icebreaker	author	John Gardner
Role of Honour	author	John Gardner
Nobody Lives for Ever	author	John Gardner
No Deals, Mr. Bond	author	John Gardner
On the Principles of Political Economy and Taxation	author	David Ricardo
The Dalek Factor	author	Simon Clark
Win, Lose or Die	author	John Gardner
Brokenclaw	author	John Gardner
The Man from Barbarossa	author	John Gardner
Never Send Flowers	author	John Gardner
Death is Forever	author	John Gardner
SeaFire	author	John Gardner
Cold	author	John Gardner
The Facts of Death	author	Raymond Benson
High Time to Kill	author	Raymond Benson
DoubleShot	author	Raymond Benson
Never Dream of Dying	author	Raymond Benson
The Man with the Red Tattoo	author	Raymond Benson
Facundo	author	Domingo Faustino Sarmiento
The Silencers	author	Donald Hamilton
The Ambushers	author	Donald Hamilton
Crusade in Jeans	author	Thea Beckman
Miss Smilla's Feeling for Snow	author	Peter Høeg
The Innocents Abroad	author	Mark Twain
Roughing It	author	Mark Twain
Captain Stormfield's Visit to Heaven	author	Mark Twain
Oxford Blood	author	Antonia Fraser
Ways of Seeing	author	John Berger
The Adventure of the Dying Detective	author	Arthur Conan Doyle
Ghost Dance	author	John Norman
Figures of Earth	author	James Branch Cabell
The Chimes	author	Charles Dickens
The Cricket on the Hearth	author	Charles Dickens
%22A%22 Is for Alibi	author	Sue Grafton
Status Anxiety	author	Alain de Botton
Michael Strogoff	author	Jules Verne
Fortunes of War	author	Olivia Manning
The Church of Satan	author	Blanche Barton
Voices	author	Arnaldur Indriðason
Bonjour Tristesse	author	Françoise Sagan
A Prison Diary	author	Jeffrey Archer
Dianetics: The Evolution of a Science	author	L. Ron Hubbard
Return to Peyton Place	author	Grace Metalious
Eastern Standard Tribe	author	Cory Doctorow
Uta Kata	author	Keito Kōme
Uta Kata	author	Hidefumi Kimura
The Ark in Space	author	Ian Marter
The Gold Bug Variations	author	Richard Powers
Peach Girl	author	Miwa Ueda
Peach Girl	author	Miwa Ueda
The Golem	author	Gustav Meyrink
The Darkness Beckons	author	Martyn Farr
The Adventure of the Cardboard Box	author	Arthur Conan Doyle
The Wind from the Sun	author	Arthur C. Clarke
The Other Side of the Sky	author	Arthur C. Clarke
Tales from the White Hart	author	Arthur C. Clarke
Timeline	author	Michael Crichton
Ginga: Nagareboshi Gin	author	Yoshihiro Takahashi
Time in Advance	author	William Tenn
Mission to the Unknown	author	John Peel
Danse Macabre	author	Stephen King
Practical Demonkeeping	author	Christopher Moore
The Return of the Condor Heroes	author	Jin Yong
Where the Red Fern Grows	author	Wilson Rawls
The Sovereign State	author	Anthony Sampson
The Southpaw	author	Mark Harris
Bang the Drum Slowly	author	Mark Harris
Tortilla Flat	author	John Steinbeck
A Sunday at the Pool in Kigali	author	Gil Courtemanche
So Long a Letter	author	Mariama Bâ
Logopolis	author	Christopher H. Bidmead
Melody of Oblivion	author	Shinji Katakura
The American Crisis	author	Thomas Paine
Pan Tadeusz	author	Adam Mickiewicz
Racists	author	Kunal Basu
Ghostwritten	author	David Mitchell
Runaway	author	Alice Munro
Al-Sahifa al-Sajjadiyya	author	Ali ibn Husayn Zayn al-Abidin
The Dark Frontier	author	Eric Ambler
The Adventure of the Six Napoleons	author	Arthur Conan Doyle
When Will Jesus Bring the Pork Chops%3F	author	George Carlin
Descendants of Darkness	author	Yoko Matsushita
Endymion	author	Benjamin Disraeli
Sgt. Frog	author	Mine Yoshizaki
The World as Will and Representation	author	Arthur Schopenhauer
Mary Barton	author	Elizabeth Gaskell
Dutch Wikipedia	author	Dutch Wikipedia community
Robot	author	Terrance Dicks
The Jewish War	author	Josephus
The Stories of Vladimir Nabokov	author	Vladimir Nabokov
XeTeX	author	Jonathan Kew
Bagombo Snuff Box	author	Kurt Vonnegut
Nabokov's Congeries	author	Vladimir Nabokov
The Gift	author	Vladimir Nabokov
IFilm	author	Raphael Raphael – Founder
IFilm	author	Rodger Raderman – Founder
IFilm	author	J. Patrick Forden – Co-Founder
IFilm	author	Luke McDonough – Co-Founder
IFilm	author	Kevin Wendle – Co-Founder
Modern Humorist	author	John Aboud and Michael Colton
Triss	author	Brian Jacques
W Juliet	author	Emura
Prétear	author	Junichi Sato
Watch Your Mouth	author	Daniel Handler
The Conscience of a Conservative	author	Barry Goldwater
The Real Anita Hill	author	David Brock
Blinded by the Right	author	David Brock
The Republican Noise Machine	author	David Brock
The Seduction of Hillary Rodham	author	David Brock
On Growth and Form	author	D'Arcy Wentworth Thompson
Bush's Brain	author	James Moore and Wayne Slater
What's the Matter with Kansas%3F	author	Thomas Frank
R Is for Rocket	author	Ray Bradbury
Something Wicked This Way Comes	author	Ray Bradbury
Dark Carnival	author	Ray Bradbury
The Golden Apples of the Sun	author	Ray Bradbury
The Zoot Suit Murders	author	Thomas Sanchez
Liberation by Oppression	author	Thomas Szasz
The Stupids	author	Harry Allard
Legend of Chun Hyang	author	Clamp
Suki: A Like Story	author	Clamp
Duklyon: Clamp School Defenders	author	Clamp
The One I Love	author	Clamp
Century Rain	author	Alastair Reynolds
The Adventure of the Stockbroker's Clerk	author	Arthur Conan Doyle
The Way of the Wiseguy	author	Joseph D. Pistone
The Secret at Shadow Ranch	author	Carolyn Keene
The Eyes of Heisenberg	author	Frank Herbert
Hollywood Babylon	author	Kenneth Anger
Families and How to Survive Them	author	John Cleese and Robin Skynner
Popcorn	author	Ben Elton
Doomsday Book	author	Connie Willis
The Adventure of the Norwood Builder	author	Arthur Conan Doyle
Labyrinths	author	Jorge Luis Borges
This Sweet Sickness	author	Patricia Highsmith
The Green Brain	author	Frank Herbert
The Melancholy Death of Oyster Boy & Other Stories	author	Tim Burton
The Adventures of Peregrine Pickle	author	Tobias Smollett
The Adventure of the Yellow Face	author	Arthur Conan Doyle
Ain't Nobody's Business If You Do	author	Peter McWilliams
Land of the Sky	author	Christian Reid
A Supposedly Fun Thing I'll Never Do Again	author	David Foster Wallace
The Adventure of the Missing Three-Quarter	author	Arthur Conan Doyle
The Adventure of the Abbey Grange	author	Arthur Conan Doyle
The Adventure of Charles Augustus Milverton	author	Arthur Conan Doyle
The Adventure of the Dancing Men	author	Arthur Conan Doyle
The Adventure of the Solitary Cyclist	author	Arthur Conan Doyle
The Adventure of the Priory School	author	Arthur Conan Doyle
The Adventure of the Three Students	author	Arthur Conan Doyle
The Adventure of the Resident Patient	author	Arthur Conan Doyle
The Adventure of the Golden Pince-Nez	author	Arthur Conan Doyle
The Adventure of the Reigate Squire	author	Arthur Conan Doyle
The Adventure of the Crooked Man	author	Arthur Conan Doyle
The Adventure of the Naval Treaty	author	Arthur Conan Doyle
The Adventure of Wisteria Lodge	author	Arthur Conan Doyle
The Adventure of the Red Circle	author	Arthur Conan Doyle
The Adventure of the Devil's Foot	author	Arthur Conan Doyle
His Last Bow	author	Arthur Conan Doyle
The Adventure of the Illustrious Client	author	Arthur Conan Doyle
The Adventure of the Blanched Soldier	author	Arthur Conan Doyle
The Adventure of the Three Gables	author	Arthur Conan Doyle
The Adventure of the Sussex Vampire	author	Arthur Conan Doyle
The Adventure of the Three Garridebs	author	Arthur Conan Doyle
The Adventure of the Creeping Man	author	Arthur Conan Doyle
The Adventure of the Veiled Lodger	author	Arthur Conan Doyle
The Adventure of Shoscombe Old Place	author	Arthur Conan Doyle
The Adventure of the Retired Colourman	author	Arthur Conan Doyle
The Long Ships	author	Frans G. Bengtsson
Up at the Villa	author	W. Somerset Maugham
The Bachelor Girl	author	Victor Margueritte
God Was Born in Exile	author	Vintilă Horia
Marlfox	author	Brian Jacques
The Taggerung	author	Brian Jacques
Mattimeo	author	Brian Jacques
Beet the Vandel Buster	author	Riku Sanjo
The Curse of Fenric	author	Ian Briggs
A Night in the Lonesome October	author	Roger Zelazny
Mao II	author	Don DeLillo
Course in General Linguistics	author	Ferdinand de Saussure
Under the Sign of Saturn	author	Susan Sontag
Green Hills of Africa	author	Ernest Hemingway
The Longest Day	author	Cornelius Ryan
Ben-Hur: A Tale of the Christ	author	Lew Wallace
In the Red	author	Mark Tavener
CGI.pm	author	Lincoln Stein
Shadow Star	author	Mohiro Kitoh
All American Girl	author	Meg Cabot
Everville	author	Clive Barker
The Great and Secret Show	author	Clive Barker
The Thief of Always	author	Clive Barker
Weaveworld	author	Clive Barker
Popjustice	author	Peter Robinson, various
Mariel of Redwall	author	Brian Jacques
4th Dimension	author	Laurent Ribardière
Al-Qaeda: Casting a Shadow of Terror	author	Jason Burke
Fafner in the Azure	author	Tow Ubukata
Fafner in the Azure	author	Xebec
Apocalypse Zero	author	Takayuki Yamaguchi
Tetsujin 28-go	author	Mitsuteru Yokoyama
Philosophie Zoologique	author	Jean-Baptiste Lamarck
Author, Author	author	David Lodge
Máj	author	Karel Hynek Mácha
The Saint in New York	author	Leslie Charteris
Balzac and the Little Chinese Seamstress	author	Dai Sijie
Emile, or On Education	author	Jean-Jacques Rousseau
The Willing Flesh	author	Willi Heinrich
The Red and the Green	author	Iris Murdoch
The Pearls of Lutra	author	Brian Jacques
Back When We Were Grownups	author	Anne Tyler
The Vampyre	author	John William Polidori
Das falsche Buch	author	Paul Wühr
Code Aster	author	Électricité de France
Boy in Darkness	author	Mervyn Peake
The Figure in the Carpet	author	Henry James
Brimstone	author	Douglas Preston
Brimstone	author	Lincoln Child
Ride the Tiger	author	Julius Evola
Affirmative Action Around the World	author	Thomas Sowell
Notes from My Travels	author	Angelina Jolie
Ellen Foster	author	Kaye Gibbons
Gilgamesh	author	Shotaro Ishinomori
Torrents of Spring	author	Ivan Turgenev
Gormenghast	author	Mervyn Peake
Titus Alone	author	Mervyn Peake
The Folding Star	author	Alan Hollinghurst
The Dead	author	James Joyce
The Swimming Pool Library	author	Alan Hollinghurst
Beau Geste	author	P. C. Wren
A Tree Grows in Brooklyn	author	Betty Smith
Tom Sawyer, Detective	author	Mark Twain
Tales of the Dead	author	Johann August Apel
Tales of the Dead	author	Friedrich Laun
Tales of the Dead	author	Johann Karl August Musäus
Tales of the Dead	author	Sarah Elizabeth Utterson
Ghost Light	author	Marc Platt
Occult Chemistry	author	Annie Besant
Occult Chemistry	author	C.W. Leadbeater and
Occult Chemistry	author	Curuppumullage Jinarajadasa
Silver Nemesis	author	Kevin Clarke
The Green Years	author	A. J. Cronin
The Mysteries of Pittsburgh	author	Michael Chabon
The Big Sky	author	A. B. Guthrie, Jr.
The Reivers	author	William Faulkner
Windows for Pen Computing	author	Microsoft
The Way We Live Now	author	Anthony Trollope
The Box of Delights	author	John Masefield
Backwards	author	Rob Grant
The Enigma of Arrival	author	V. S. Naipaul
Fantasmagoriana	author	Johann Karl August Musäus
Fantasmagoriana	author	Johann August Apel
Fantasmagoriana	author	Friedrich Laun
Fantasmagoriana	author	Heinrich Clauren
James Bond and Moonraker	author	Christopher Wood
James Bond, The Spy Who Loved Me	author	Christopher Wood
The Tenth Planet	author	Gerry Davis
The Dead Past	author	Isaac Asimov
The Martian Way	author	Isaac Asimov
Marooned off Vesta	author	Isaac Asimov
The Deep	author	Isaac Asimov
The Fun They Had	author	Isaac Asimov
The Dying Night	author	Isaac Asimov
Anniversary	author	Isaac Asimov
Mirror Image	author	Isaac Asimov
Orange Crush	author	Tim Dorsey
Mutation	author	Robin Cook
Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell	author	David Michaels
Saint Overboard	author	Leslie Charteris
An Essay Concerning Human Understanding	author	John Locke
JurisPedia	author	African Legal Information Institute, Can Tho University, Université du Québec à Montréal, Institut für Rechtsinformatik, Paul Cézanne University
The Secret of Red Gate Farm	author	Carolyn Keene
The Short Victorious War	author	David Weber
Flag in Exile	author	David Weber
On Basilisk Station	author	David Weber
Honor Among Enemies	author	David Weber
The Honor of the Queen	author	David Weber
Eberron Campaign Setting	author	Keith Baker, Bill Slavicsek, and James Wyatt
Cat's Eye	author	Margaret Atwood
Yokohama Kaidashi Kikō	author	Hitoshi Ashinano
Leo Africanus	author	Amin Maalouf
In America	author	Susan Sontag
I Married a Communist	author	Philip Roth
The Volcano Lover	author	Susan Sontag
I Sing the Body Electric	author	Ray Bradbury
Field of Dishonor	author	David Weber
In Enemy Hands	author	David Weber
The Romantic Manifesto	author	Ayn Rand
Star Trek: Titan	author	Michael A. Martin
Star Trek: Titan	author	Andy Mangels
Star Trek: Titan	author	Christopher L. Bennett
Star Trek: Titan	author	Geoffrey Thorne
Star Trek: Titan	author	James Swallow
Masquerade	author	Kit Williams
Ratner's Star	author	Don DeLillo
Fugitives and Refugees	author	Chuck Palahniuk
Great Mazinger	author	Go Nagai
Echoes of Honor	author	David Weber
Ashes of Victory	author	David Weber
War of Honor	author	David Weber
The Cabinet of Curiosities	author	Lincoln Child
The Cabinet of Curiosities	author	Douglas Preston
Collapse: How Societies Choose to Fail or Succeed	author	Jared Diamond
Ralph 124C 41+	author	Hugo Gernsback
The Early Asimov	author	Isaac Asimov
Aquarium	author	Viktor Suvorov
Amsterdam	author	Ian McEwan
The Gilded Age: A Tale of Today	author	Mark Twain
The Gilded Age: A Tale of Today	author	Charles Dudley Warner
The Legend of the Condor Heroes	author	Jin Yong
The Aleph	author	Jorge Luis Borges
The Bulgari Connection	author	Fay Weldon
The Templar Revelation	author	Lynn Picknett and Clive Prince
The Clue in the Diary	author	Carolyn Keene
Fool's Errand	author	Robin Hobb
The Art of Discworld	author	Terry Pratchett
The Golden Fool	author	Robin Hobb
Letters from the Earth	author	Mark Twain
Shaman's Crossing	author	Robin Hobb
Vampire$	author	John Steakley
Lives of Girls and Women	author	Alice Munro
The Moons of Jupiter	author	Alice Munro
The Progress of Love	author	Alice Munro
Who Do You Think You Are%3F	author	Alice Munro
The Song of the Lark	author	Willa Cather
The Naked Face	author	Sidney Sheldon
A Kingdom of Dreams	author	Judith McNaught
The Stone Diaries	author	Carol Shields
Ship of Magic	author	Robin Hobb
Elective Affinities	author	Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Fool's Fate	author	Robin Hobb
IWork	author	Apple Inc.
Ukrayinska Pravda	author	Georgiy Gongadze
Salamandastron	author	Brian Jacques
To Say Nothing of the Dog	author	Connie Willis
The Bean Trees	author	Barbara Kingsolver
Mobile Suit Gundam SEED Astray	author	Tomohiro Chiba
ArtWorks	author	Computer Concepts
More Than Honor	author	David Weber
More Than Honor	author	David Drake
More Than Honor	author	S.M. Stirling
Changer of Worlds	author	David Weber
Changer of Worlds	author	Eric Flint
Worlds of Honor	author	David Weber
Worlds of Honor	author	Linda Evans
Worlds of Honor	author	Jane Lindskold
Worlds of Honor	author	Roland J. Green
The Service of the Sword	author	David Weber, Jane Lindskold, Timothy Zahn, John Ringo and Victor Mitchell, John Ringo, Eric Flint.
Crown of Slaves	author	David Weber
The Shadow of Saganami	author	David Weber
Piece of Cake	author	Derek Robinson
Steel Jeeg	author	Go Nagai
The Uncomfortable Dead	author	Paco Ignacio Taibo II
The Uncomfortable Dead	author	Subcomandante Marcos
Flanimals	author	Ricky Gervais
Trans-Atlantyk	author	Witold Gombrowicz
Borstal Boy	author	Brendan Behan
Tideland	author	Mitch Cullin
Meditations	author	Marcus Aurelius
The Mediterranean Caper	author	Clive Cussler
Akazukin Chacha	author	Min Ayahana
Raft	author	Stephen Baxter
Timelike Infinity	author	Stephen Baxter
Learning to Sing	author	Clay Aiken
Learning to Sing	author	Allison Glock
The Wallflower	author	Tomoko Hayakawa
The Genesis Flood	author	John C. Whitcomb and Henry M. Morris
The Kite Runner	author	Khaled Hosseini
Rage of Angels	author	Sidney Sheldon
The Sands of Time	author	Sidney Sheldon
The Matarese Circle	author	Robert Ludlum
Metahistory	author	Hayden White
Blink	author	Malcolm Gladwell
Pharaoh	author	Bolesław Prus
Concluding	author	Henry Green
Camouflage	author	Joe Haldeman
DearS	author	Peach-Pit
Confessions	author	Jean-Jacques Rousseau
The Cop and the Anthem	author	O. Henry
Exit to Eden	author	Anne Rice
The Infernal Desire Machines of Doctor Hoffman	author	Angela Carter
My Ántonia	author	Willa Cather
Vegas Pro	author	Sonic Foundry
The Jewel of Seven Stars	author	Bram Stoker
The Road to Gandolfo	author	Robert Ludlum
The Best of John Wyndham	author	John Wyndham
Somebody Somewhere	author	Donna Williams
The First Man in Rome	author	Colleen McCullough
Surprised by Joy	author	C. S. Lewis
Simulacron-3	author	Daniel F. Galouye
Rakkety Tam	author	Brian Jacques
Daughters of the Moon	author	Lynne Ewing
Memories of Ice	author	Steven Erikson
Deadhouse Gates	author	Steven Erikson
House of Chains	author	Steven Erikson
The Bonehunters	author	Steven Erikson
Midnight Tides	author	Steven Erikson
The Darkness That Comes Before	author	Scott Bakker
The Warrior Prophet	author	Scott Bakker
The Poison Belt	author	Arthur Conan Doyle
All the Myriad Ways	author	Larry Niven
The Return of Sherlock Holmes	author	Arthur Conan Doyle
Woman in Bronze	author	Antanas Sileika
The Straight Dope	author	Cecil Adams
Bodily Harm	author	Margaret Atwood
Lady Oracle	author	Margaret Atwood
Life Before Man	author	Margaret Atwood
The Cult of Mac	author	Leander Kahney
The Good Shepherd	author	C.S. Forester
By Way of Deception	author	Victor Ostrovsky
Darwin's Black Box	author	Michael Behe
One for the Morning Glory	author	John Barnes
Stations of the Tide	author	Michael Swanwick
The Polysyllabic Spree	author	Nick Hornby
The Blank Slate	author	Steven Pinker
Ruby on Rails	author	David Heinemeier Hansson
Death to the French	author	C. S. Forester
Dragonlance Adventures	author	Tracy Hickman
Dragonlance Adventures	author	Margaret Weis
Greyhawk Adventures	author	Jim Ward
Tom Sawyer Abroad	author	Mark Twain
War for the Oaks	author	Emma Bull
The Garden of Eden	author	Ernest Hemingway
Marabou Stork Nightmares	author	Irvine Welsh
Darwin on Trial	author	Phillip E. Johnson
Darwinia	author	Robert Charles Wilson
The Word for World Is Forest	author	Ursula K. Le Guin
Tsubasa: Those with Wings	author	Natsuki Takaya
Atlantis: The Antediluvian World	author	Ignatius L. Donnelly
Blood and Chocolate	author	Annette Curtis Klause
God Mazinger	author	Yasutaka Nagai
God Mazinger	author	Tatsuhiko Dan
God Mazinger	author	Hideki Sonoda
God Mazinger	author	Go Nagai
Whisky Galore	author	Compton Mackenzie
Planet of the Spiders	author	Terrance Dicks
I, Robot	author	Eando Binder
The Loneliness of the Long-Distance Runner	author	Alan Sillitoe
The Bourne Legacy	author	Robert Ludlum
The Bourne Legacy	author	Eric Van Lustbader
Minicom	author	Miquel van Smoorenburg
Journey to the East	author	Hermann Hesse
Internet History Sourcebooks Project	author	Paul Halsall
Internet History Sourcebooks Project	author	Jerome Arkenberg
Narcissus and Goldmund	author	Hermann Hesse
The Winds of War	author	Herman Wouk
Fantastic Voyage: Live Long Enough to Live Forever	author	Ray Kurzweil; Terry Grossman
The Wind-Up Bird Chronicle	author	Haruki Murakami
Hard-Boiled Wonderland and the End of the World	author	Haruki Murakami
Maia	author	Richard Adams
Memories of My Melancholy Whores	author	Gabriel García Márquez
Kavkaz Center	author	Movladi Udugov
Trucks	author	Stephen King
Eyeshield 21	author	Riichiro Inagaki
Absolute Power	author	David Baldacci
The Original of Laura	author	Vladimir Nabokov
Caravans	author	James A. Michener
StarTeam	author	Starbase, Borland
Shatterglass	author	Tamora Pierce
Nausea	author	Jean-Paul Sartre
Days of Magic, Nights of War	author	Clive Barker
Reflections on the Revolution in France	author	Edmund Burke
Kidnapped	author	Robert Louis Stevenson
Eden: It's an Endless World!	author	Hiroki Endo
The Age of Reason	author	Jean-Paul Sartre
AmigaBASIC	author	Microsoft
Airport	author	Arthur Hailey
Bartlett's Familiar Quotations	author	John Bartlett
I, etcetera	author	Susan Sontag
Skull Man	author	Shotaro Ishinomori
Skull Man	author	Kazuhiko Shimamoto
Across the Wall: A Tale of the Abhorsen and Other Stories	author	Garth Nix
The Death of Ivan Ilyich	author	Leo Tolstoy
Ichigeki Sacchu!! HoiHoi-san	author	Kunihiko Tanaka
The 12.30 from Croydon	author	Freeman Wills Crofts
The Facts in the Case of M. Valdemar	author	Edgar Allan Poe
A List Apart	author	Jeffrey Zeldman
Against the Fall of Night	author	Arthur C. Clarke
On the Justice of Roosting Chickens	author	Ward Churchill
Jazz	author	Toni Morrison
Lew Archer	author	Ross Macdonald
Infoshop.org	author	Chuck Munson
Big X	author	Osamu Tezuka
Jitterbug Perfume	author	Tom Robbins
Fargo Rock City	author	Chuck Klosterman
Desert Solitaire	author	Edward Abbey
Gazeta.ru	author	Anton Nosik
Kitchen	author	Banana Yoshimoto
Death Wish	author	Brian Garfield
Beck	author	Harold Sakuishi
Peter Camenzind	author	Hermann Hesse
Candy Candy	author	Kyoko Mizuki
QEMU	author	Fabrice Bellard
Why Mosquitoes Buzz in People's Ears	author	Verna Aardema
The High King	author	Lloyd Alexander
The Diary of a Young Girl	author	Anne Frank
Messenger	author	Lois Lowry
Gathering Blue	author	Lois Lowry
Sex, Ecology, Spirituality	author	Ken Wilber
Boomeritis	author	Ken Wilber
Strategic Negotiations	author	Richard Walton
Strategic Negotiations	author	Joel Cutcher-Gershenfeld, and
Strategic Negotiations	author	Robert McKersie
A Message to Garcia	author	Elbert Hubbard
Veronika Decides to Die	author	Paulo Coelho
Direct Rendering Manager	author	Kernel.org
Direct Rendering Manager	author	Freedesktop.org
Time Stranger Kyoko	author	Arina Tanemura
The Songlines	author	Bruce Chatwin
In Watermelon Sugar	author	Richard Brautigan
The Kraken Wakes	author	John Wyndham
Pictures from an Institution	author	Randall Jarrell
The Listerdale Mystery	author	Agatha Christie
Croquet Project	author	Alan Kay
Croquet Project	author	Julian Lombardi
Croquet Project	author	Mark P. McCahill
Croquet Project	author	Andreas Raab
Croquet Project	author	David P. Reed
Croquet Project	author	David A. Smith
Aristoi	author	Walter Jon Williams
Inside the Soviet Army	author	Viktor Suvorov
The Prometheus Deception	author	Robert Ludlum
The Little Match Girl	author	Hans Christian Andersen
Loamhedge	author	Brian Jacques
The Castle of Iron	author	L. Sprague de Camp and Fletcher Pratt
Wall of Serpents	author	L. Sprague de Camp and Fletcher Pratt
The Occult Roots of Nazism	author	Nicholas Goodrick-Clarke
The Day of Forever	author	J. G. Ballard
Vermilion Sands	author	J. G. Ballard
Passport to Eternity	author	J. G. Ballard
Myths of the Near Future	author	J. G. Ballard
Systema Naturae	author	Carl Linnaeus
%22Repent, Harlequin!%22 Said the Ticktockman	author	Harlan Ellison
The Bounds of Sense	author	P. F. Strawson
Anne of Avonlea	author	Lucy Maud Montgomery
Anne of Ingleside	author	Lucy Maud Montgomery
Anne's House of Dreams	author	Lucy Maud Montgomery
Leave It to Psmith	author	P. G. Wodehouse
Anne of the Island	author	Lucy Maud Montgomery
Dirty Pair	author	Haruka Takachiho
Anne of Windy Poplars	author	Lucy Maud Montgomery
The Klingon Dictionary	author	Marc Okrand
When the World Screamed	author	Arthur Conan Doyle
We Were Soldiers Once… And Young	author	Lt. Gen. Harold G. Moore  and Joseph L. Galloway
The Napoleon of Notting Hill	author	G. K. Chesterton
Chainfire	author	Terry Goodkind
Sons of the Dark	author	Lynne Ewing
The Butter Battle Book	author	Dr. Seuss
Delphine	author	Anne Louise Germaine de Staël
Star Light, Star Bright	author	Alfred Bester
A Distant Mirror	author	Barbara Tuchman
Accidental Empires	author	Mark Stephens
Race and Economics	author	Thomas Sowell
You Can't Win	author	Jack Black
Nova	author	Samuel R. Delany
Gridlinked	author	Neal Asher
How to Win Friends and Influence People	author	Dale Carnegie
The Amber Room	author	Steve Berry
The World at the End of Time	author	Frederik Pohl
The Stones Are Hatching	author	Geraldine McCaughrean
Devil's Cub	author	Georgette Heyer
Are You Dave Gorman%3F	author	Dave Gorman and Danny Wallace
The Rosicrucian Cosmo-Conception	author	Max Heindel
Florante at Laura	author	Francisco Balagtas
Secrets in the Fire	author	Henning Mankell
Tgif	author	
Chimes of Freedom: The Politics of Bob Dylan's Art	author	Mike Marqusee
The Burning World	author	J. G. Ballard
Eastern Approaches	author	Sir Fitzroy Maclean, 1st Baronet
A Game of Hide and Seek	author	Elizabeth Taylor
Adrian Mole and the Weapons of Mass Destruction	author	Sue Townsend
The Green Futures of Tycho	author	William Sleator
Interstellar Pig	author	William Sleator
Pat the Bunny	author	Dorothy Kunhardt
La Légende des siècles	author	Victor Hugo
Bug-Jargal	author	Victor Hugo
The Man Who Laughs	author	Victor Hugo
Make Way for Ducklings	author	Robert McCloskey
Toilers of the Sea	author	Victor Hugo
Ninety-Three	author	Victor Hugo
The Last Day of a Condemned Man	author	Victor Hugo
Along Came a Spider	author	James Patterson
Yakitate!! Japan	author	Takashi Hashiguchi
The Discworld Mapp	author	Terry Pratchett and Stephen Briggs
Les Enfants Terribles	author	Jean Cocteau
Mesa	author	Brian Paul
The Alienist	author	Caleb Carr
The Dominators	author	Ian Marter
Pita-Ten	author	Koge-Donbo
Conduct Unbecoming: Gays and Lesbians in the US Military	author	Randy Shilts
Gender Trouble	author	Judith Butler
Giovanni's Room	author	James Baldwin
Oranges Are Not the Only Fruit	author	Jeanette Winterson
Zami: A New Spelling of My Name	author	Audre Lorde
The Coquette	author	Hannah Webster Foster
The Primal Urge	author	Brian Aldiss
Memoirs of a Spacewoman	author	Naomi Mitchison
Ten Men	author	Alexandra Gray
Venus on the Half-Shell	author	Philip José Farmer as Kilgore Trout
The Secret of the Caves	author	Franklin W. Dixon
Man of Two Worlds	author	Brian and Frank Herbert
Tower of Glass	author	Robert Silverberg
Callahan's Lady	author	Spider Robinson
Strangers	author	Gardner Dozois
Commitment Hour	author	James Alan Gardner
The Real Lincoln	author	Thomas DiLorenzo
Coyote Blue	author	Christopher Moore
Getter Robo	author	Go Nagai
Angel Densetsu	author	Norihiro Yagi
Beggars Ride	author	Nancy Kress
Intelligent Design	author	William Dembski
Age of Iron	author	J. M. Coetzee
The Broker	author	John Grisham
Nuremberg Chronicle	author	Hartmann Schedel
Sphereland	author	Dionys Burger
Lieutenant Hornblower	author	C. S. Forester
Mr. Midshipman Hornblower	author	C. S. Forester
Hornblower and the Hotspur	author	C. S. Forester
Across the River and into the Trees	author	Ernest Hemingway
Superior Person's Book of Words	author	Peter Bowler
Mermaid Melody Pichi Pichi Pitch	author	Michiko Yokote
The Pigman	author	Paul Zindel
Star Smashers of the Galaxy Rangers	author	Harry Harrison
Now and on Earth	author	Jim Thompson
Junkie	author	William S. Burroughs
Inkheart	author	Cornelia Funke
Observations on the Feeling of the Beautiful and Sublime	author	Immanuel Kant
Anmitsu Hime	author	Shosuke Kurakane
Anmitsu Hime	author	Izumi Takemoto
Nonzero: The Logic of Human Destiny	author	Robert Wright
Death Is a Lonely Business	author	Ray Bradbury
Piece by Piece	author	Tori Amos
Piece by Piece	author	Ann Powers
Ronin Warriors	author	Hajime Yatate
The Discworld Companion	author	Terry Pratchett and Stephen Briggs
Racso and the Rats of NIMH	author	Jane Leslie Conly
Westward Ho!	author	Charles Kingsley
Blackeyes	author	Dennis Potter
God and Man at Yale	author	William F. Buckley, Jr.
Sonar Kella	author	Satyajit Ray
Because of Winn-Dixie	author	Kate DiCamillo
Queen Zixi of Ix	author	L. Frank Baum
The Princess and the Goblin	author	George MacDonald
The Sand Child	author	Tahar Ben Jelloun
Superfolks	author	Robert Mayer
The Counterfeit Man	author	Alan E. Nourse
A Hole in Space	author	Larry Niven
Blood Meridian	author	Cormac McCarthy
All the Pretty Horses	author	Cormac McCarthy
The Orchard Keeper	author	Cormac McCarthy
The Titan	author	Theodore Dreiser
In Desert and Wilderness	author	Henryk Sienkiewicz
My Inventions: The Autobiography of Nikola Tesla	author	Nikola Tesla
My Inventions: The Autobiography of Nikola Tesla	author	Ben Johnston
Child of God	author	Cormac McCarthy
Cities of the Plain	author	Cormac McCarthy
The Crossing	author	Cormac McCarthy
Suttree	author	Cormac McCarthy
Ravelstein	author	Saul Bellow
Parthiban Kanavu	author	Kalki Krishnamurthy
Delusion and Dream in Jensen's Gradiva	author	Sigmund Freud
The Giaour	author	George Gordon Byron, 6th Baron Byron
The Garden of the Finzi-Continis	author	Giorgio Bassani
FOK!	author	Danny Roodbol
The Summer Tree	author	Guy Gavriel Kay
Trouble with Lichen	author	John Wyndham
Kitchen Confidential	author	Anthony Bourdain
The Outward Urge	author	John Wyndham
Absolute Beginners	author	Colin MacInnes
Heaven and Hell	author	Aldous Huxley
Cup of Gold	author	John Steinbeck
Q-Squared	author	Peter David
Cloud Atlas	author	David Mitchell
Lottie and Lisa	author	Erich Kästner
Cowa!	author	Akira Toriyama
Eiger Dreams	author	Jon Krakauer
WinCustomize	author	Brad Wardell and Pat Ford
S Is for Space	author	Ray Bradbury
Exercises in Style	author	Raymond Queneau
Paladin of Souls	author	Lois McMaster Bujold
Zatch Bell!	author	Makoto Raiku
Adam Bede	author	George Eliot
Nuns and Soldiers	author	Iris Murdoch
Firewing	author	Kenneth Oppel
Living History	author	Hillary Clinton
Rush Limbaugh Is a Big Fat Idiot and Other Observations	author	Al Franken
A Heartbreaking Work of Staggering Genius	author	Dave Eggers
Splinter of the Mind's Eye	author	Alan Dean Foster
The Very Hungry Caterpillar	author	Eric Carle
Invasion U.S.A.	author	Jason Frost
Good to Great	author	Jim C. Collins
Terminal	author	Robin Cook
Seize the Day	author	Saul Bellow
Summer Sisters	author	Judy Blume
Black and Gold	author	Anthony Sampson
The Memorial	author	Christopher Isherwood
End Zone	author	Don DeLillo
Independence Day	author	Richard Ford
Sylvester and the Magic Pebble	author	William Steig
Walt Disney: Hollywood's Dark Prince	author	Marc Eliot
Dominion	author	Masamune Shirow
The Hype about Hydrogen	author	Joseph J. Romm
Yahoo! News	author	Yahoo
The Lovely Bones	author	Alice Sebold
Expedition to Earth	author	Arthur C. Clarke
A Short, Sharp Shock	author	Kim Stanley Robinson
Mike Nelson's Death Rat!	author	Michael J. Nelson
The Final Unfinished Voyage of Jack Aubrey	author	Patrick O'Brian
The Autobiography of Miss Jane Pittman	author	Ernest J. Gaines
Confessions of a Crap Artist	author	Philip K. Dick
The Virginian	author	Owen Wister
Queer	author	William S. Burroughs
Ojamajo Doremi	author	Izumi Todo
Lunar Park	author	Bret Easton Ellis
War and Remembrance	author	Herman Wouk
The Borrible Trilogy	author	Michael de Larrabeiti
The Shadow over Innsmouth	author	H. P. Lovecraft
The Lair of the White Worm	author	Bram Stoker
Sally the Witch	author	Mitsuteru Yokoyama
Time and Stars	author	Poul Anderson
Untouched by Human Hands	author	Robert Sheckley
Kobato	author	Clamp
Grey Eminence	author	Aldous Huxley
View from a Height	author	Isaac Asimov
The Book and the Brotherhood	author	Iris Murdoch
Side Effects	author	Woody Allen
The Deep Range	author	Arthur C. Clarke
Nightmare Alley	author	William Lindsay Gresham
Damnation Alley	author	Roger Zelazny
Shirahime-Syo: Snow Goddess Tales	author	Clamp
Curtain	author	Agatha Christie
A Widow for One Year	author	John Irving
The Looking Glass War	author	John le Carré
Hunches in Bunches	author	Dr. Seuss
I Can Lick 30 Tigers Today! and Other Stories	author	Dr. Seuss
Ayako	author	Osamu Tezuka
Confessions of an English Opium-Eater	author	Thomas De Quincey
Xgl	author	David Reveman
Efuru	author	Flora Nwapa
Fear and Loathing on the Campaign Trail '72	author	Hunter S. Thompson
Again, Dangerous Visions	author	Edited by Harlan Ellison
The Daleks' Master Plan	author	John Peel
Outcast of Redwall	author	Brian Jacques
Gawker	author	Nick Denton
Gawker	author	Elizabeth Spiers
Isle of the Dead	author	Roger Zelazny
The Truth	author	Terry Pratchett
The Secret Life of Plants	author	Peter Tompkins
The Secret Life of Plants	author	Christopher Bird
The Sands of Mars	author	Arthur C. Clarke
The Oregon Experiment	author	Christopher Alexander
Uzumaki	author	Junji Ito
Simulacra and Simulation	author	Jean Baudrillard
Adaptation and Natural Selection	author	George C. Williams
D.Gray-man	author	Katsura Hoshino
D.Gray-man	author	Kaya Kizaki
In the Miso Soup	author	Ryu Murakami
69	author	Ryu Murakami
The Executioner's Song	author	Norman Mailer
Black Rice	author	Anna Moï
The Armies of the Night	author	Norman Mailer
The Lady in the Lake	author	Raymond Chandler
Playback	author	Raymond Chandler
White Light	author	Rudy Rucker
The House of the Scorpion	author	Nancy Farmer
The Lake House	author	James Patterson
New Grub Street	author	George Gissing
The Crystal City	author	Orson Scott Card
Ex	author	Bill Joy
The Aleph	author	Jorge Luis Borges
The Children's Story	author	James Clavell
The Wall of the Sky, the Wall of the Eye	author	Jonathan Lethem
The Wish List	author	Eoin Colfer
The Supernaturalist	author	Eoin Colfer
Frenchman's Creek	author	Daphne du Maurier
Castrovalva	author	Christopher H. Bidmead
Labyrinth of Evil	author	James Luceno
Liberalism Is a Mental Disorder	author	Michael Savage
Crome Yellow	author	Aldous Huxley
Anarchy in the Age of Dinosaurs	author	Curious George Brigade
The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants	author	Ann Brashares
Tripod.com	author	Bo Peabody, Brett Hershey, and Dick Sabot
The Story of Tracy Beaker	author	Jacqueline Wilson
Of Pandas and People	author	Percival Davis and Dean H. Kenyon
Of Pandas and People	author	William A. Dembski and Jonathan Wells
The Mind Robber	author	Peter Ling
Saturday	author	Ian McEwan
Happy Lesson	author	Mutsumi Sasaki
The Lost Years of Merlin	author	Thomas A. Barron
The Book of Laughter and Forgetting	author	Milan Kundera
The Joke	author	Milan Kundera
Kujibiki Unbalance	author	Michiko Yokote
The Twyborn Affair	author	Patrick White
How the Mind Works	author	Steven Pinker
A Pocketful of Rye	author	A. J. Cronin
The Garden of Forking Paths	author	Jorge Luis Borges
Republic	author	Plato
The Songs of Bilitis	author	Pierre Louÿs
Can You Feel Anything When I Do This%3F	author	Robert Sheckley
The Cement Garden	author	Ian McEwan
Bitten	author	Kelley Armstrong
Book of the Later Han	author	Fan Ye et al
Evolution and the Theory of Games	author	John Maynard Smith
The Major BBS	author	Tim Stryker and others
Agent of Byzantium	author	Harry Turtledove
Boy Meets Boy	author	David Levithan
The Rule of Four	author	Ian Caldwell and Dustin Thomason
Journey by Moonlight	author	Antal Szerb
Between a Rock and a Hard Place	author	Aron Ralston
Monica's Story	author	Andrew Morton
The Fan Club	author	Irving Wallace
God of War	author	Matthew Stover
God of War	author	Robert E. Vardeman
Against Method	author	Paul Feyerabend
The Party's Over: Oil, War, and the Fate of Industrial Societies	author	Richard Heinberg
Not in Our Genes	author	Richard Lewontin
Not in Our Genes	author	Steven Rose
Not in Our Genes	author	Leon Kamin
Archangel	author	Robert Harris
Epic Level Handbook	author	Andy Collins and Bruce R. Cordell
El Túnel	author	Ernesto Sabato
The Ships of Earth	author	Orson Scott Card
The Town and the City	author	Jack Kerouac
MSAV	author	Microsoft Corporation
Tiger Mask	author	Ikki Kajiwara
How to Be Alone	author	Jonathan Franzen
First Love, Last Rites	author	Ian McEwan
Zathura	author	Chris Van Allsburg
The Marrow of Tradition	author	Charles Chesnutt
The Grass Is Singing	author	Doris Lessing
The Hockey Sweater	author	Roch Carrier
All the Troubles of the World	author	Isaac Asimov
Ten from Tomorrow	author	Edwin Charles Tubb
The Terminal Beach	author	J. G. Ballard
The Sound of Waves	author	Yukio Mishima
At Bertram's Hotel	author	Agatha Christie
The Alcoholics	author	Jim Thompson
Charmed Life	author	Diana Wynne Jones
Blue Tigers	author	Jorge Luis Borges
The Queen's Necklace	author	Alexandre Dumas
The Queen's Necklace	author	(in collaboration with Auguste Maquet)
A Grain of Wheat	author	Ngũgĩ wa Thiong'o
Webalizer	author	Bradford L. Barrett
The Notting Hill Mystery	author	Charles Felix
The Camp of the Saints	author	Jean Raspail
A Century of Dishonor	author	Helen Hunt Jackson
A Home at the End of the World	author	Michael Cunningham
Kenilworth	author	Sir Walter Scott
The Death Dealers	author	Isaac Asimov
Tarka the Otter	author	Henry Williamson
The Body Snatcher	author	Robert Louis Stevenson
Anansi Boys	author	Neil Gaiman
Fluke, or, I Know Why the Winged Whale Sings	author	Christopher Moore
The Mythical Detective Loki Ragnarok	author	Sakura Kinoshita
The Fallon Blood	author	Reagan O'Neal  AKA Robert Jordan
Haunted	author	Chuck Palahniuk
Hell House	author	Richard Matheson
Radix	author	A. A. Attanasio
Are You Afraid of the Dark%3F	author	Sidney Sheldon
Books of Blood	author	Clive Barker
Mr. Munchausen	author	John Kendrick Bangs
The Minister's Wooing	author	Harriet Beecher Stowe
Hell's Angels: The Strange and Terrible Saga of the Outlaw Motorcycle Gangs	author	Hunter S. Thompson
Anil's Ghost	author	Michael Ondaatje
Son of a Witch	author	Gregory Maguire
Tarantula	author	Bob Dylan
Wilderness Tips	author	Margaret Atwood
Larry's Party	author	Carol Shields
Pudd'nhead Wilson	author	Mark Twain
Heart of a Dog	author	Mikhail Bulgakov
The Holcroft Covenant	author	Robert Ludlum
Ferdydurke	author	Witold Gombrowicz
Essays	author	Michel de Montaigne
Mad Bull 34	author	Kazuo Koike
Mad Bull 34	author	Kazuo Koike
The Power Broker	author	Robert Caro
A Tiger for Malgudi	author	R. K. Narayan
Under the Banyan Tree and Other Stories	author	R. K. Narayan
Protector	author	Larry Niven
WAN	author	John Gilmore
The Sign and the Seal	author	Graham Hancock
2001: A Space Odyssey	author	Arthur C. Clarke
The Man in the Black Suit	author	Stephen King
Wintersmith	author	Terry Pratchett
I Shall Wear Midnight	author	Terry Pratchett
The Peshawar Lancers	author	S. M. Stirling
Origins of the Fifth Amendment	author	Leonard W. Levy
Legend of Lemnear	author	Kinji Yoshimoto
Plastic Little	author	Satoshi Urushihara
Plastic Little	author	Kinji Yoshimoto
Flambards in Summer	author	K. M. Peyton
The Edge of the Cloud	author	K. M. Peyton
David Starr, Space Ranger	author	Isaac Asimov
Dad's Nuke	author	Marc Laidlaw
Lucky Starr and the Big Sun of Mercury	author	Isaac Asimov
Lucky Starr and the Moons of Jupiter	author	Isaac Asimov
Lucky Starr and the Oceans of Venus	author	Isaac Asimov
Lucky Starr and the Rings of Saturn	author	Isaac Asimov
Lucky Starr and the Pirates of the Asteroids	author	Isaac Asimov
The Satanic Witch	author	Anton LaVey
The Place Promised in Our Early Days	author	Makoto Shinkai
Delta of Venus	author	Anaïs Nin
A Year in the Merde	author	Stephen Clarke
The Story of Ferdinand	author	Munro Leaf
Phantoms	author	Dean Koontz
Master Humphrey's Clock	author	Editor: Charles Dickens
Starfighters of Adumar	author	Aaron Allston
How We Are Hungry	author	Dave Eggers
The Great Redwall Feast	author	Brian Jacques
Planetarian: The Reverie of a Little Planet	author	Yūichi Suzumoto
Firefox	author	Craig Thomas
A Swiftly Tilting Planet	author	Madeleine L'Engle
Hyperion	author	Dan Simmons
The Feeling Good Handbook	author	David D. Burns
Heir Apparent	author	Vivian Vande Velde
Penguin Island	author	Anatole France
The Secret History	author	Donna Tartt
The Little Friend	author	Donna Tartt
Jacob's Room	author	Virginia Woolf
The Family	author	Mario Puzo
The Family	author	compl. by Carol Gino
Roll of Thunder, Hear My Cry	author	Mildred D. Taylor
Cultures of Vision	author	Ron Burnett
The Little Sisters of Eluria	author	Stephen King
Tailchaser's Song	author	Tad Williams
The Ascension Factor	author	Frank Herbert and
The Ascension Factor	author	Bill Ransom
Not Before Time	author	John Brunner
The Outlaw of Torn	author	Edgar Rice Burroughs
Hotel du Lac	author	Anita Brookner
The Female Eunuch	author	Germaine Greer
The New Jackals	author	Simon Reeve
Kiddy Grade	author	Tomohiko Aoki
Kiddy Grade	author	Hidefumi Kimura
Kiddy Grade	author	Fumihiko Shimo
Panzerschlachten	author	Friedrich von Mellenthin
Eat-Man	author	Akihito Yoshitomi
The Apes of God	author	Wyndham Lewis
Panzer Leader	author	Generaloberst Heinz Guderian
Madhushala	author	Harivansh Rai Bachchan
Jessamyn West	author	Jessamyn West
Bend Sinister	author	Vladimir Nabokov
The Perennial Philosophy	author	Aldous Huxley
The Autobiography of Charles Darwin	author	Charles Darwin, edited by Francis Darwin
The Dying Sun	author	Gary Blackwood
The Edge of the World	author	Michael Powell
A Wish for Wings That Work	author	Berkeley Breathed
The Judge and His Hangman	author	Friedrich Dürrenmatt
Murder at the ABA	author	Isaac Asimov
Attack of the Cybermen	author	Eric Saward
Way Station	author	Clifford D. Simak
Black Wind	author	Clive Cussler
Black Wind	author	Dirk Cussler
Man's Place in Nature	author	Thomas Henry Huxley
The Naturalist on the River Amazons	author	Henry Walter Bates
The Pilgrim's Regress	author	C. S. Lewis
Tsukuyomi: Moon Phase	author	Keitarō Arima
Never Let Me Go	author	Kazuo Ishiguro
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles & Other Strangeness	author	Erick Wujcik
Strawberry Spring	author	Stephen King
Sivagamiyin Sapatham	author	Kalki Krishnamurthy
The Richleighs of Tantamount	author	Barbara Willard
The Moving Finger	author	Agatha Christie
A Fictional Guide to Scotland	author	Meaghan Delahunt, Suhayl Saadi, Elizabeth Reeder
Bleachers	author	John Grisham
The Testament	author	John Grisham
A Painted House	author	John Grisham
The Expression of the Emotions in Man and Animals	author	Charles Darwin
The Woman in Black	author	Susan Hill
RealClimate	author	Gavin Schmidt
RealClimate	author	Michael E. Mann
RealClimate	author	Raymond S. Bradley
RealClimate	author	Caspar Ammann
All That You Love Will Be Carried Away	author	Stephen King
The Smiling, Proud Wanderer	author	Jin Yong
Ella Minnow Pea	author	Mark Dunn
The Mad Man	author	Samuel R. Delany
Surfacing	author	Margaret Atwood
International Encyclopedia of the Social Sciences	author	William A. Darity, Jr.
Geological Evidences of the Antiquity of Man	author	Charles Lyell
Pavane	author	Keith Roberts
Guerrillas	author	V. S. Naipaul
Perl Compatible Regular Expressions	author	Philip Hazel
Futari Ecchi	author	Katsu Aki
Futari Ecchi	author	Katsu Aki
Feed	author	M. T. Anderson
Elemental Gelade	author	Mayumi Azuma
Adobe Flash Player	author	FutureWave
Possession	author	A. S. Byatt
Sarah, Plain and Tall	author	Patricia MacLachlan
The Nameless City	author	H. P. Lovecraft
Phantom Thief Jeanne	author	Arina Tanemura
The Masque of Mandragora	author	Philip Hinchcliffe
The Demolished Man	author	Alfred Bester
Bloglines	author	Mark Fletcher
Shiroi Kyotō	author	Toyoko Yamasaki
Hammer's Slammers	author	David Drake
A Case of Conscience	author	James Blish
SWI-Prolog	author	Jan Wielemaker
ViewSheet	author	Mark Colton
Adventure Kid	author	Toshio Maeda
Blind Lake	author	Robert Charles Wilson
The Motion of Light in Water	author	Samuel R. Delany
Resurrection	author	Leo Tolstoy
Distinction	author	Pierre Bourdieu
Aye, and Gomorrah	author	Samuel R. Delany
The King Must Die	author	Mary Renault
A Yellow Raft in Blue Water	author	Michael Dorris
The Simpsons Uncensored Family Album	author	Matt Groening
The Sensorites	author	Nigel Robinson
Katherine	author	Anya Seton
Glider PRO	author	Casady & Greene
Out of This Furnace	author	Thomas Bell
The Monkey	author	Stephen King
OkCupid	author	Chris Coyne, Sam Yagan, Christian Rudder and Max Krohn
Brunching Shuttlecocks	author	Lore Sjöberg and Dave Neilsen
Brief Interviews with Hideous Men	author	David Foster Wallace
The Mystery of the Blue Train	author	Agatha Christie
Microsoft Pascal	author	Microsoft Corporation
The Wisdom of Crowds	author	James Surowiecki
MÄR	author	Nobuyuki Anzai
MÄR	author	Nobuyuki Anzai
The Private Life of Chairman Mao	author	Li Zhisui
The Man in the Maze	author	Robert Silverberg
Mortal Fear	author	Robin Cook
Domestic Manners of the Americans	author	Frances Trollope
Autopsy Room Four	author	Stephen King
In the Deathroom	author	Stephen King
Chu Ci	author	Qu Yuan, Song Yu
Directgov	author	Departments of the United Kingdom Government
The Complete Short Stories of Ernest Hemingway	author	Ernest Hemingway
The Angel of Darkness	author	Caleb Carr
King of the Khyber Rifles	author	Talbot Mundy
The Worlds of Robert A. Heinlein	author	Robert A. Heinlein
Songmaster	author	Orson Scott Card
Cabal	author	Clive Barker
The Short-Wave Mystery	author	Franklin W. Dixon
Priestess of Avalon	author	Marion Zimmer Bradley
Lady of Avalon	author	Marion Zimmer Bradley and Diana L. Paxson
Clarissa	author	Samuel Richardson
Remembering the Kanji and Remembering the Hanzi	author	James Heisig
My Name Is Asher Lev	author	Chaim Potok
The Forest House	author	Marion Zimmer Bradley
The Godwhale	author	T. J. Bass
Dancing at the Edge of the World	author	Ursula K. Le Guin
Investiture of the Gods	author	Xu Zhonglin
Investiture of the Gods	author	Lu Xixing
Fallen Angels	author	Walter Dean Myers
Crossing the Threshold of Hope	author	John Paul II
Resident Evil Zero	author	S. D. Perry
Clotel	author	William Wells Brown
Nancy's Mysterious Letter	author	Carolyn Keene
The Clue of the Velvet Mask	author	Carolyn Keene
The Guest	author	Albert Camus
The Medium Is the Massage	author	Marshall McLuhan
Make Room! Make Room!	author	Harry Harrison
Joi Baba Felunath	author	Satyajit Ray
Acid2	author	Ian Hickson
The Ragged-Trousered Philanthropists	author	Robert Tressell a.k.a. Noonan, born Croker
Generic Mapping Tools	author	Paul Wessel and Walter H. F. Smith
The Web Planet	author	Bill Strutton
Ecological Genetics	author	E. B. Ford
Chandler: Red Tide	author	Jim Steranko
The Face on the Cutting-Room Floor	author	Cameron McCabe
The Great Monkey Trial	author	L. Sprague de Camp
The Dunwich Horror	author	H. P. Lovecraft
Country of the Blind	author	Christopher Brookmyre
The Country of the Blind	author	H. G. Wells
The Songs of the Kings	author	Barry Unsworth
Mamotte Shugogetten	author	Minene Sakurano
The Confessions of Nat Turner	author	William Styron
Gertrud	author	Hermann Hesse
Another Country	author	James Baldwin
Humboldt's Gift	author	Saul Bellow
DavisWiki	author	Community of Davis, California
Minima Moralia	author	Theodor W. Adorno
The Book of the Damned	author	Charles Fort
Lo!	author	Charles Fort
Ikki Tousen	author	Yuji Shiozaki
The Damage Done	author	Warren Fellows
Pigs in Heaven	author	Barbara Kingsolver
Shatterpoint	author	Matthew Stover
New Atlantis	author	Francis Bacon
Gate Keepers	author	Hiroshi Yamaguchi
Good-bye, Chunky Rice	author	Craig Thompson
Guenevere, Queen of the Summer Country	author	Rosalind Miles
Extraordinary Popular Delusions and the Madness of Crowds	author	Charles Mackay
The Farfarers	author	Farley Mowat
Venus and the Seven Sexes	author	William Tenn
Fear and Trembling	author	Amélie Nothomb
Malice Aforethought	author	Anthony Berkeley
Malice Aforethought	author	writing as Francis Iles
The Iron Man	author	Ted Hughes
Antarctica	author	Kim Stanley Robinson
Kafka on the Shore	author	Haruki Murakami
Battlefield	author	Marc Platt
A Perfect Spy	author	John le Carré
The Languages of Africa	author	Joseph Greenberg
Dragon Prince	author	Melanie Rawn
Masculinities Without Men%3F	author	Bobby Noble
Git	author	Linus Torvalds
Tandia	author	Bryce Courtenay
Out of the Dark	author	Welwyn Wilton Katz
Legend	author	David Gemmell
A Death in the Family	author	James Agee
Kane and Abel	author	Jeffrey Archer
The Reign of Terror	author	Ian Marter
Contest	author	Matthew Reilly
Mathias Sandorf	author	Jules Verne
Shop Talk	author	Philip Roth
Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close	author	Jonathan Safran Foer
Our Lady of the Flowers	author	Jean Genet
Everything Is Illuminated	author	Jonathan Safran Foer
Planet of Giants	author	Terrance Dicks
The Souls of Black Folk	author	W. E. B. Du Bois
Feynman's Lost Lecture	author	Richard Feynman
The Hot Zone	author	Richard Preston
Islands in the Net	author	Bruce Sterling
Forty Signs of Rain	author	Kim Stanley Robinson
Carnival of Monsters	author	Terrance Dicks
The Green Death	author	Malcolm Hulke
The Talons of Weng-Chiang	author	Terrance Dicks
The Ribos Operation	author	Ian Marter
The Stones of Blood	author	Terrance Dicks
The Androids of Tara	author	Terrance Dicks
The Power of Kroll	author	Terrance Dicks
The Armageddon Factor	author	Terrance Dicks
Coming Through Slaughter	author	Michael Ondaatje
The Leisure Hive	author	David Fisher
Earthshock	author	Ian Marter
The Visitation	author	Eric Saward
Vengeance on Varos	author	Philip Martin
Z for Zachariah	author	Robert C. O'Brien
The Mysterious Mr Quin	author	Agatha Christie
Green Mansions	author	William Henry Hudson
Blade Runner 4: Eye and Talon	author	K. W. Jeter
Mr Standfast	author	John Buchan, 1st Baron Tweedsmuir
Lord Hornblower	author	C. S. Forester
The Commodore	author	C. S. Forester
Limes inferior	author	Janusz A. Zajdel
The Thirteen Gun Salute	author	Patrick O'Brian
Syntactic Structures	author	Noam Chomsky
The Book of Daniel	author	E. L. Doctorow
Nectar in a Sieve	author	Kamala Markandaya
Last Exit to Brooklyn	author	Hubert Selby, Jr.
The Official Preppy Handbook	author	Lisa Birnbach
The Official Preppy Handbook	author	Jonathan Roberts
The Official Preppy Handbook	author	Carol McD. Wallace
The Official Preppy Handbook	author	Mason Wiley
Stephen Hero	author	James Joyce
Warriors' Gate	author	Stephen Gallagher
Frontier in Space	author	Malcolm Hulke
Myths to Live By	author	Joseph Campbell
A Lesson Before Dying	author	Ernest J. Gaines
I, Jedi	author	Michael A. Stackpole
Eschatology: Death and Eternal Life	author	Joseph Ratzinger
The Tale of Cross-eyed Lefty from Tula and the Steel Flea	author	Nikolai Leskov
From the Soil	author	Fei Xiaotong
Pilgrim Jäger	author	Tō Ubukata
Runaway Horses	author	Yukio Mishima
The Brain of Morbius	author	Terrance Dicks
Coalescent	author	Stephen Baxter
The Android Invasion	author	Terrance Dicks
The Seeds of Doom	author	Philip Hinchcliffe
Resident Evil – Code: Veronica	author	S. D. Perry
Jack Faust	author	Michael Swanwick
Planet of Evil	author	Terrance Dicks
Revenge of the Cybermen	author	Terrance Dicks
Terror of the Zygons	author	Terrance Dicks
The Hand of Fear	author	Terrance Dicks
The Face of Evil	author	Terrance Dicks
Number the Stars	author	Lois Lowry
Timelash	author	Glen McCoy
Dragonfire	author	Ian Briggs
The Happiness Patrol	author	Graeme Curry
The Greatest Show in the Galaxy	author	Stephen Wyatt
Li Sao	author	Qu Yuan
Night on the Galactic Railroad	author	Kenji Miyazawa
MyDD	author	Jerome Armstrong
TortoiseCVS	author	Francis Irving
Cosmopolis	author	Don DeLillo
The Claws of Axos	author	Terrance Dicks
Mahoraba	author	Akira Kojima
The Encyclopedia of Fantasy	author	John Clute
The Encyclopedia of Fantasy	author	John Grant
The Computer That Said Steal Me	author	Elizabeth Levy
The Duplicate	author	William Sleator
Free Air	author	Sinclair Lewis
Political Liberalism	author	John Rawls
Intermix Media	author	Brad Greenspan
The Great Shark Hunt	author	Hunter S. Thompson
The Rescue	author	Ian Marter
The Romans	author	Donald Cotton
How Much Land Does a Man Need%3F	author	Leo Tolstoy
Solomon Gursky Was Here	author	Mordecai Richler
Paul Clifford	author	Edward Bulwer-Lytton
Scarecrow	author	Matthew Reilly
Anvil of Stars	author	Greg Bear
The Drowned World	author	J. G. Ballard
The Invisible Enemy	author	Terrance Dicks
Image of the Fendahl	author	Terrance Dicks
The Keeper of Traken	author	Terrance Dicks
The Sun Makers	author	Terrance Dicks
Melty Blood	author	Kinoko Nasu
Planet of Fire	author	Peter Grimwade
Underworld	author	Terrance Dicks
The Crusade	author	David Whitaker
The Space Museum	author	Glyn Jones
The Chase	author	John Peel
Meglos	author	Terrance Dicks
Four to Doomsday	author	Terrance Dicks
A Reader's Manifesto	author	Brian Reynolds Myers
Promise of the Witch King	author	R. A. Salvatore
Pluto	author	Naoki Urasawa
Pluto	author	Osamu Tezuka
Pluto	author	Takashi Nagasaki
Berlin Diary	author	William Shirer
Thud!	author	Terry Pratchett
The Warlord of Mars	author	Edgar Rice Burroughs
The Gods of Mars	author	Edgar Rice Burroughs
Vestiges of the Natural History of Creation	author	Robert Chambers
The Fifty Worst Films of All Time	author	Harry Medved
The Fifty Worst Films of All Time	author	Randy Dreyfuss
The Fifty Worst Films of All Time	author	Michael Medved
Turnabout	author	Margaret Peterson Haddix
Kajika	author	Akira Toriyama
Rusalka	author	C. J. Cherryh
Rainbow Valley	author	Lucy Maud Montgomery
Zen at War	author	Brian Victoria
Slander: Liberal Lies About the American Right	author	Ann Coulter
The Harvey Girls	author	Samuel Hopkins Adams
Dialectic of Enlightenment	author	Max Horkheimer
Dialectic of Enlightenment	author	Theodor W. Adorno
In the Belly of the Beast	author	Jack Abbott
The Artemis Fowl Files	author	Eoin Colfer
Launchd	author	Apple Computer
A Legend of Old Egypt	author	Bolesław Prus
The Bluest Eye	author	Toni Morrison
Yvgenie	author	C. J. Cherryh
Chernevog	author	C. J. Cherryh
Shrine of the Morning Mist	author	Hiroki Ugawa
The Ark	author	Paul Erickson
The Valley of Horses	author	Jean M. Auel
Tiger Eyes	author	Judy Blume
Knowledge of Angels	author	Jill Paton Walsh
The Mammoth Hunters	author	Jean M. Auel
Eine Billion Dollar	author	Andreas Eschbach
Intermere	author	William Alexander Taylor
Mister God, This Is Anna	author	Fynn
Identity	author	Milan Kundera
The Time Meddler	author	Nigel Robinson
Galaxy 4	author	William Emms
The Plains of Passage	author	Jean M. Auel
Three Uses of the Knife	author	David Mamet
The Shelters of Stone	author	Jean M. Auel
Woken Furies	author	Richard Morgan
Escape from Kathmandu	author	Kim Stanley Robinson
The Long Journey	author	Johannes V. Jensen
The Great Train Robbery	author	Michael Crichton
Electronic Life	author	Michael Crichton
Random Hearts	author	Warren Adler
GNU Readline	author	Brian Fox
The Unadulterated Cat	author	Terry Pratchett
Hoard memory allocator	author	Emery Berger
Hoard memory allocator	author	Kathryn S. McKinley
Hoard memory allocator	author	Robert D. Blumofe
Hoard memory allocator	author	Paul R. Willson
And to Think That I Saw It on Mulberry Street	author	Dr. Seuss
Shampoo Planet	author	Douglas Coupland
An American Dream	author	Norman Mailer
Notes from a Big Country	author	Bill Bryson
The Last of the Masters	author	Philip K. Dick
Black Orchid	author	Terence Dudley
The Myth Makers	author	Donald Cotton
The Family from One End Street	author	Eve Garnett
The Belonging Kind	author	William Gibson and John Shirley
A Midsummer Night's Gene	author	Andrew Harman
The Savage Nation	author	Michael Savage
The Adventure of the Christmas Pudding	author	Agatha Christie
Sleeping Dogs	author	Sonya Hartnett
Of a Boy	author	Sonya Hartnett
Cold Sassy Tree	author	Olive Ann Burns
Voyage in the Dark	author	Jean Rhys
The Secret Life of a Satanist	author	Blanche Barton
Slut Girl	author	Isutoshi
The Story of Doctor Dolittle	author	Hugh Lofting
Absolute Friends	author	John le Carré
BitTorrent	author	Bram Cohen
Washington's Crossing	author	David Hackett Fischer
We All Fall Down	author	Robert Cormier
The Glass Lake	author	Maeve Binchy
Shiloh	author	Phyllis Reynolds Naylor
Sharpe's Regiment	author	Bernard Cornwell
The Voyages of Doctor Dolittle	author	Hugh Lofting
Password Safe	author	Bruce Schneier
Consider the Lobster	author	David Foster Wallace
Among the Hidden	author	Margaret Peterson Haddix
One-pound Gospel	author	Rumiko Takahashi
Moon Tiger	author	Penelope Lively
The Abominable Snowmen	author	Terrance Dicks
Coins in the Fountain	author	John Hermes Secondari
Gitanjali	author	Rabindranath Tagore
Snow Falling on Cedars	author	David Guterson
October Sky	author	Homer Hickam
LightScribe	author	Daryl Anderson
A Pale View of Hills	author	Kazuo Ishiguro
Megumi-Toons	author	Megumi Hayashibara
Tetrabiblos	author	Claudius Ptolemy
Pretty Face	author	Yasuhiro Kanō
Brooklyn Brewery	author	Steve Hindy and Tom Potter
The Elephant Vanishes	author	Haruki Murakami
Showdown	author	Errol Flynn
Doctor Dolittle's Garden	author	Hugh Lofting
Doctor Dolittle's Zoo	author	Hugh Lofting
Doctor Dolittle in the Moon	author	Hugh Lofting
The Beautiful and Damned	author	F. Scott Fitzgerald
20th Century Boys	author	Naoki Urasawa
The Power of the Daleks	author	John Peel
The Moonbase	author	Gerry Davis
Kannazuki no Miko	author	Kaishaku
The Good War	author	Studs Terkel
Better Than Life	author	Rob Grant
Better Than Life	author	Doug Naylor
The Moving Target	author	Ross Macdonald
Banner of the Stars	author	Hiroyuki Morioka
Exiles	author	James Joyce
Wings of Fire	author	A P J Abdul Kalam
The Tao of Programming	author	Geoffrey James
Nobody's Buddy	author	John A. Moroso
The Massacre of St Bartholomew's Eve	author	John Lucarotti
The Celestial Toymaker	author	Gerry Davis and Alison Bingeman
The Gunfighters	author	Donald Cotton
The Heaven Sword and Dragon Saber	author	Jin Yong
The Smugglers	author	Terrance Dicks
The Savages	author	Ian Stuart Black
Doctor Dolittle's Return	author	Hugh Lofting
Dead Man's Folly	author	Agatha Christie
The Well of Loneliness	author	Radclyffe Hall
Doctor Dolittle and the Secret Lake	author	Hugh Lofting
The Oaken Throne	author	Robin Jarvis
A Little Something for Us Tempunauts	author	Philip K. Dick
Life and Death in Shanghai	author	Nien Cheng
High Rhulain	author	Brian Jacques
Gokusen	author	Kozueko Morimoto
PhysX	author	NovodeX
The Longest Journey	author	E. M. Forster
The Company of Women	author	Khushwant Singh
The Drowning Pool	author	Ross Macdonald
Argument About Basia	author	Kornel Makuszynski
The Onion Field	author	Joseph Wambaugh
Homeward Bound	author	Harry Turtledove
Hades Project Zeorymer	author	Yoshiki Takaya
Eveline	author	James Joyce
Gals!	author	Mihona Fujii
Breaking Open the Head	author	Daniel Pinchbeck
The Far Pavilions	author	M. M. Kaye
The Prehistory of The Far Side	author	Gary Larson
Hunters of Dune	author	Brian Herbert and Kevin J. Anderson
Valerie and Her Week of Wonders	author	Vítězslav Nezval
Sandworms of Dune	author	Brian Herbert and Kevin J. Anderson
The Known World	author	Edward P. Jones
Personal Recollections of Joan of Arc	author	Mark Twain
My Man Jeeves	author	P. G. Wodehouse
The Inimitable Jeeves	author	P. G. Wodehouse
Mission of Gravity	author	Hal Clement
Blue City	author	Ross Macdonald
Archangel	author	Sharon Shinn
Exit, Voice, and Loyalty	author	Albert O. Hirschman
Humiliated and Insulted	author	Fyodor Dostoyevsky
The Immortal Bard	author	Isaac Asimov
Homicide: A Year on the Killing Streets	author	David Simon
Paranoia Agent	author	Satoshi Kon
Paranoia Agent	author	Yuichi Umezu
The Ribbajack	author	Brian Jacques
The Terminal Experiment	author	Robert J. Sawyer
Coming of Age in Samoa	author	Margaret Mead
The Collected Stories of Arthur C. Clarke	author	Arthur C. Clarke
Monster Manual III	author	Rich Burlew, Eric Cagle, Jesse Decker, Andrew J. Finch, Gwendolyn F.M. Kestrel, Rich Redman, Matthew Sernett, Chris Thomasson, and P. Nathan Toomey
Dungeon Master's Guide II	author	Jesse Decker
Dungeon Master's Guide II	author	David Noonan
Dungeon Master's Guide II	author	Chris Thomasson
Dungeon Master's Guide II	author	James Jacobs
Dungeon Master's Guide II	author	Robin D. Laws
Remembering Babylon	author	David Malouf
Alien Nine	author	Hitoshi Tomizawa
The Three-Arched Bridge	author	Ismail Kadare
Blood and Gold	author	Anne Rice
Fads and Fallacies in the Name of Science	author	Martin Gardner
Now We Are Six	author	A. A. Milne
The Lonely Doll	author	Dare Wright
The Autobiography of Benjamin Franklin	author	Benjamin Franklin
Cry, the Beloved Country	author	Alan Paton
Di Gi Charat	author	Koge-Donbo
The Angel	author	Hans Christian Andersen
Air Master	author	Yokusaru Shibata
Roman Blood	author	Steven Saylor
Kallocain	author	Karin Boye
The War Against the Chtorr	author	David Gerrold
The War of the Flowers	author	Tad Williams
The Snow Queen	author	Joan D. Vinge
Lost in the Funhouse	author	John Barth
Cakes and Ale	author	W. Somerset Maugham
The Trumpet of the Swan	author	E. B. White
Theory of Colours	author	Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
A World of Talent	author	Philip K. Dick
Warriors	author	Erin Hunter and Dan Jolley
Invitation to the Game	author	Monica Hughes
Napalm and Silly Putty	author	George Carlin
The Source of Magic	author	Piers Anthony
Map24	author	Navteq
Castle Roogna	author	Piers Anthony
Night Mare	author	Piers Anthony
The Color of Her Panties	author	Piers Anthony
Yon Ill Wind	author	Piers Anthony
Question Quest	author	Piers Anthony
Zombie Lover	author	Piers Anthony
This Is Blythe	author	Gina Garan
The Huffington Post	author	Arianna Huffington
The Huffington Post	author	Kenneth Lerer
The Huffington Post	author	Jonah Peretti
The Huffington Post	author	Andrew Breitbart
Atonement	author	Ian McEwan
Chris Crawford on Game Design	author	Chris Crawford
Spoon River Anthology	author	Edgar Lee Masters
The Way Some People Die	author	Ross Macdonald
A Civil War: Army vs. Navy	author	John Feinstein
Masks of the Illuminati	author	Robert Anton Wilson
The Tower Treasure	author	Franklin W. Dixon
The Man Who Tasted Shapes	author	Richard Cytowic
Foreign Affairs	author	Alison Lurie
Rabbit at Rest	author	John Updike
Rabbit Is Rich	author	John Updike
House Made of Dawn	author	N. Scott Momaday
The Edge of Sadness	author	Edwin O'Connor
Who Killed Palomino Molero%3F	author	Mario Vargas Llosa
The Scions of Shannara	author	Terry Brooks
Winter's Tale	author	Mark Helprin
Nothing's Sacred	author	Lewis Black
Carry On, Jeeves	author	P. G. Wodehouse
A Maggot	author	John Fowles
The Colorado Kid	author	Stephen King
Bag of Bones	author	Stephen King
Destiny of the Daleks	author	Terrance Dicks
Diplomacy	author	Henry Kissinger
Why I Am Not a Muslim	author	Ibn Warraq
Lord of the World	author	Robert Hugh Benson
Bring the Jubilee	author	Ward Moore
Divine Right's Trip	author	Gurney Norman
Unintended Consequences	author	John Ross
The Lexus and the Olive Tree	author	Thomas L. Friedman
Freakonomics	author	Steven Levitt
Freakonomics	author	Stephen J. Dubner
Stray	author	A. N. Wilson
London Fields	author	Martin Amis
The Bride of Lammermoor	author	Sir Walter Scott
Ourika	author	Claire de Duras
The Call of Earth	author	Orson Scott Card
The Darfsteller	author	Walter M. Miller, Jr.
The Talisman	author	Stephen King
The Talisman	author	Peter Straub
The Talisman	author	Sir Walter Scott
To See Every Bird on Earth	author	Dan Koeppel
The Good Apprentice	author	Iris Murdoch
The Ring of Charon	author	Roger MacBride Allen
Faith of the Fallen	author	Terry Goodkind
When She Was Good	author	Philip Roth
The Mark on the Door	author	Franklin W. Dixon
30 Years of Adventure	author	Harold Johnson, Steve Winter, Peter Adkison, Ed Stark, Peter Archer
The Orange Book: Reclaiming Liberalism	author	Paul Marshall and David Laws
Incompetence	author	Rob Grant
The Village of Stepanchikovo	author	Fyodor Dostoyevsky
The Man in the Brown Suit	author	Agatha Christie
Something Rotten	author	Jasper Fforde
Our Common Future	author	World Commission on Environment and Development
A Thousand Acres	author	Jane Smiley
Redburn	author	Herman Melville
The Glass Key	author	Dashiell Hammett
Sarajevo Tango	author	Hermann Huppen
Last Guardian of Everness	author	John C. Wright
Death to the Daleks	author	Terrance Dicks
8 Man	author	Kazumasa Hirai
8 Man	author	Masahiro Suematsu
8 Man	author	Kyoichi Nanatsuki
Petit Robert	author	Paul Robert; Josette Rey-Debove; Alain Rey
Ham on Rye	author	Charles Bukowski
The Civilizing Process	author	Norbert Elias
The Thief's Journal	author	Jean Genet
Prisoners of Power	author	Arkady and Boris Strugatsky
Drowned Ammet	author	Diana Wynne Jones
The Posthumous Memoirs of Bras Cubas	author	Joaquim Maria Machado de Assis
Krynnspace	author	Jean Rabe
Danny, the Champion of the World	author	Roald Dahl
The Social Contract	author	Jean-Jacques Rousseau
The Violent Bear It Away	author	Flannery O'Connor
Salad Days	author	Shinobu Inokuma
The Pirate Bay	author	Gottfrid Svartholm
The Pirate Bay	author	Fredrik Neij
The Pirate Bay	author	Peter Sunde
The Ghost in the Machine	author	Arthur Koestler
Silverthorn	author	Raymond E. Feist
A Darkness at Sethanon	author	Raymond E. Feist
A Happy Death	author	Albert Camus
Sorcerer Hunters	author	Satoru Akahori
The Trouble with Islam Today	author	Irshad Manji
The True Story of Ah Q	author	Lu Xun
Strawberry 100%25	author	Mizuki Kawashita
The Road to Dune	author	Frank Herbert, Brian Herbert and Kevin J. Anderson; edited by Patrick LoBrutto
Anita and Me	author	Meera Syal
The Disciples	author	Joe Andrew
The Disciples	author	V.C. Andrews
Sleep It Off Lady	author	Jean Rhys
The Island of the Day Before	author	Umberto Eco
Emma	author	Kaoru Mori
The Wind Singer	author	William Nicholson
Autodesk Softimage	author	Softimage
Slaves of the Mastery	author	William Nicholson
Firesong	author	William Nicholson
Darth Maul: Saboteur	author	James Luceno
Everybody's All-American	author	Frank Deford
The Grave	author	James Heneghan
Atari ST BASIC	author	MetaComCo
Monkey	author	Wu Ch'eng-En
Dying Inside	author	Robert Silverberg
My Secret Garden	author	Nancy Friday
A Good Man Is Hard to Find	author	Flannery O'Connor
Desolation Angels	author	Jack Kerouac
The Peaceable Kingdom: An American Saga	author	Jan de Hartog
The Great War: American Front	author	Harry Turtledove
The Devil Wears Prada	author	Lauren Weisberger
Paris in the Twentieth Century	author	Jules Verne
Cosmic Trigger I: The Final Secret of the Illuminati	author	Robert Anton Wilson
Joe's Own Editor	author	Joseph Allen
The Science of Life	author	H. G. Wells, Julian S. Huxley, and G. P. Wells
Mists of Everness	author	John C. Wright
Deutsches Requiem	author	Jorge Luis Borges
Perfect Circle	author	Sean Stewart
Breathing Lessons	author	Anne Tyler
The House on Mango Street	author	Sandra Cisneros
High Crimes and Misdemeanors: The Case Against Bill Clinton	author	Ann Coulter
Marianne Dreams	author	Catherine Storr
How to Talk to a Liberal	author	Ann Coulter
The Rum Diary	author	Hunter S. Thompson
Kushiel's Dart	author	Jacqueline Carey
Treason: Liberal Treachery from the Cold War to the War on Terrorism	author	Ann Coulter
Jeeves in the Offing	author	P. G. Wodehouse
States and Social Revolutions	author	Theda Skocpol
The Diviners	author	Margaret Laurence
Slouching Towards Bethlehem	author	Joan Didion
The Antiquary	author	Sir Walter Scott
Onward Muslim Soldiers	author	Robert Spencer
The Eagle of the Ninth	author	Rosemary Sutcliff
The Lantern Bearers	author	Rosemary Sutcliff
Ship of Fools	author	Katherine Anne Porter
American Empire: Blood and Iron	author	Harry Turtledove
The Facts Behind the Helsinki Roccamatios	author	Yann Martel
Dirty White Boys	author	Stephen Hunter
The Rise of the West	author	William Hardy McNeill
GetBackers	author	Shin Kibayashi
Saint Tail	author	Megumi Tachikawa
FAAC	author	Menno Bakker and others
FAAC	author	Menno Bakker, Nero AG and others
Colony in Space	author	Malcolm Hulke
England, Their England	author	A. G. Macdonell
The Seven Storey Mountain	author	Thomas Merton
Bloom	author	Wil McCarthy
Elbow Room	author	James Alan McPherson
The Stories of John Cheever	author	John Cheever
The Haunting of Hill House	author	Shirley Jackson
Naenara	author	Foreign Languages Publishing House
Hitler's Pope	author	John Cornwell
Bhutan: A Visual Odyssey Across the Last Himalayan Kingdom	author	Michael Hawley
Man's Fate	author	André Malraux
Bellarion the Fortunate	author	Rafael Sabatini
The Curse of Chalion	author	Lois McMaster Bujold
The Design Revolution	author	William A. Dembski
Dear Boys	author	Hiroki Yagami
The Denial of Death	author	Ernest Becker
Birthday Letters	author	Ted Hughes
The Inner Circle	author	Brad Meltzer
The Bookseller of Kabul	author	Åsne Seierstad
Wedding Peach	author	Sukehiro Tomita
Wedding Peach	author	Mami Tachibana
Wedding Peach	author	Nao Yazawa
The Garden of God	author	Henry De Vere Stacpoole
The Inner Circle	author	T. C. Boyle
The Myth of Islamic Tolerance	author	Robert Spencer
Araby	author	James Joyce
Belle et Sébastien	author	Cécile Aubry
The Blue Lagoon	author	Henry De Vere Stacpoole
Trapped in the Closet	author	R. Kelly
First They Killed My Father	author	Loung Ung
Leaving Islam	author	Ibn Warraq
Angel Cop	author	Taku Kitazaki
Burn-Up W	author	Oh! great
Basket Case	author	Carl Hiaasen
Ocean Waves	author	Saeko Himuro
Ocean Waves	author	Saeko Himuro
Islam and Dhimmitude: Where Civilizations Collide	author	Bat Ye'or
The 8th Habit	author	Stephen Covey
Celephaïs	author	H. P. Lovecraft
Martyrdom of Polycarp	author	Apostolic Fathers
Moralia	author	Plutarch
Switch Bitch	author	Roald Dahl
The Private Memoirs and Confessions of a Justified Sinner	author	James Hogg
E's	author	Satoru Yuiga
White Niggers of America	author	Pierre Vallières
I Remember Babylon	author	Arthur C. Clarke
Specter of the Past	author	Timothy Zahn
Why Not Me%3F	author	Al Franken
Vision of the Future	author	Timothy Zahn
The File on H.	author	Ismail Kadare
Vivian Grey	author	Benjamin Disraeli
The Secret of Terror Castle	author	Robert Arthur, Jr.
Expedition	author	Wayne Douglas Barlowe
Who Am I This Time%3F	author	Kurt Vonnegut
Barlowe's Guide to Extraterrestrials	author	Wayne Barlowe
Barlowe's Guide to Extraterrestrials	author	Ian Summers
Barlowe's Guide to Extraterrestrials	author	Beth Meacham
Bloodsucking Fiends	author	Christopher Moore
Tietam Brown	author	Mick Foley
Fontconfig	author	Keith Packard
Petite Princess Yucie	author	Ramyu Ryuki
Winning the Future	author	Newt Gingrich
Rainbow Prelude	author	Osamu Tezuka
Nowhere Man	author	Aleksandar Hemon
The Weight of Water	author	Anita Shreve
The Gremlins	author	Roald Dahl
Pastwatch: The Redemption of Christopher Columbus	author	Orson Scott Card
Empire	author	Gore Vidal
Flaubert's Parrot	author	Julian Barnes
Killing Hope	author	William Blum
The Baby Squad	author	Andrew Neiderman
Lucky	author	Alice Sebold
Gobby	author	Armin Burgmeier
A Haunted House and Other Short Stories	author	Virginia Woolf
Multiple Personality Detective Psycho	author	Eiji Ōtsuka
Zorba the Greek	author	Nikos Kazantzakis
Masters of Doom	author	David Kushner
Replay	author	Ken Grimwood
Merrick	author	Anne Rice
Lipstick Jihad	author	Azadeh Moaveni
The Tao of Zen	author	Ray Grigg
Our Gang	author	Philip Roth
Lipstick Jungle	author	Candace Bushnell
The World Is Flat	author	Thomas Friedman
Verdict of Twelve	author	Raymond Postgate
Book of Exalted Deeds	author	James Wyatt, Darrin Drader and Christopher Perkins
Abraham in History and Tradition	author	John Van Seters
Disclosure	author	Michael Crichton
My Many Colored Days	author	Dr. Seuss
The Book of the New Sun	author	Gene Wolfe
Guy Mannering	author	Sir Walter Scott
TinyURL	author	Kevin Gilbertson
Night of Knives	author	Ian Cameron Esslemont
Minty Alley	author	C. L. R. James
Sunan ibn Majah	author	Ibn Mājah
Ghost Soldiers	author	Hampton Sides
He Is My Master	author	Mattsu
Sunan Abu Dawood	author	Abu Dawud
The Further Adventures of The Joker	author	Various, edited by Martin H. Greenberg
Strange News from Another Star	author	Hermann Hesse
Thomas	author	Robin Jarvis
Fleabee's Fortune	author	Robin Jarvis
The Dark Portal	author	Robin Jarvis
The Crystal Prison	author	Robin Jarvis
The Final Reckoning	author	Robin Jarvis
Inside, Outside	author	Herman Wouk
The Simpsons and Philosophy: The D'oh! of Homer	author	William Irwin, Mark T. Conard, Aeon J. Skoble
Filth	author	Irvine Welsh
Scarlett	author	Alexandra Ripley
Street Corner Society	author	William Foote Whyte
Species Plantarum	author	Carl Linnaeus
Deterring Democracy	author	Noam Chomsky
Guess What%3F	author	Mem Fox
The Boy Who Lost His Face	author	Louis Sachar
The Steadfast Tin Soldier	author	Hans Christian Andersen
The Little Drummer Girl	author	John le Carré
Will Warburton	author	George Gissing
Jedi Search	author	Kevin J. Anderson
Scary Godmother	author	Jill Thompson
Poems	author	Hermann Hesse
A Sentimental Journey Through France and Italy	author	Laurence Sterne
The Dancers at the End of Time	author	Michael Moorcock
Homunculus	author	Hideo Yamamoto
Dark Apprentice	author	Kevin J. Anderson
The King's Demons	author	Terence Dudley
Dragon Rider	author	Cornelia Funke
Rune Soldier	author	Ryo Mizuno
SixDegrees.com	author	Andrew Weinreich
Molly Moon's Incredible Book of Hypnotism	author	Georgia Byng
High School Girls	author	Towa Oshima
Barrel Fever	author	David Sedaris
The Deptford Mice Almanack	author	Robin Jarvis
The White Company	author	Arthur Conan Doyle
Confessions of an Advertising Man	author	David Ogilvy
The Krotons	author	Terrance Dicks
The Ties That Bind	author	Vanessa Duriès
The Ties That Bind	author	Jude Watson
Ring of Fire	author	Eric Flint
Ring of Fire	author	and various others
American Caesar	author	William Manchester
The Lives of John Lennon	author	Albert Goldman
Inequality Reexamined	author	Amartya Sen
Warcraft: Lord of the Clans	author	Christie Golden
Warcraft: Day of the Dragon	author	Richard A. Knaak
Eden's Bowy	author	Kitsune Tennouji
Paul Mooney	author	Paul Mooney with a foreword by Dave Chappelle
Dinosaur in a Haystack	author	Stephen Jay Gould
New Mobile Report Gundam Wing Dual Story: G-Unit	author	Kōichi Tokita
A Little Cloud	author	James Joyce
The Story of the Amulet	author	Edith Nesbit
Heroes	author	Robert Cormier
Zaynab	author	Husayn Haykal
Tramp Royale	author	Robert A. Heinlein
The Little Sister	author	Raymond Chandler
Parineeta	author	Sarat Chandra Chattopadhyay
Gravatar	author	Tom Preston-Werner
The Time Traveler's Wife	author	Audrey Niffenegger
Notes on the Synthesis of Form	author	Christopher Alexander
Sylvie and Bruno	author	Lewis Carroll
Raise the Titanic!	author	Clive Cussler
Bush at War	author	Bob Woodward
China Digital Times	author	Counter-Power Lab, University of California, Berkeley
Warcraft: Of Blood and Honor	author	Chris Metzen
A Bright Shining Lie	author	Neil Sheehan
Dianetics: The Modern Science of Mental Health	author	Lafayette Ronald Hubbard
Warcraft: The Last Guardian	author	Jeff Grubb
Arban method	author	Jean-Baptiste Arban
Wren & Martin	author	P. C. Wren
Wren & Martin	author	H. Martin
D4 Princess	author	Shotaro Harada
My Belief: Essays on Life and Art	author	Hermann Hesse
Tom's Midnight Garden	author	Philippa Pearce
Plum Bun	author	Jessie Redmon Fauset
Old Mortality	author	Sir Walter Scott
A Stone for Danny Fisher	author	Harold Robbins
Superfudge	author	Judy Blume
Tales of a Fourth Grade Nothing	author	Judy Blume
The Lonely Silver Rain	author	John D. MacDonald
The Lost Symbol	author	Dan Brown
The Boy Who Kicked Pigs	author	Tom Baker
The Nature of Truth	author	Sergio Troncoso
Pkg-config	author	James Henstridge; rewritten by Havoc Pennington
Warcraft: War of the Ancients Trilogy	author	Richard A. Knaak
The Color of Water	author	James McBride
Time's Eye	author	Arthur C. Clarke
Time's Eye	author	Stephen Baxter
The Enormous Crocodile	author	Roald Dahl
What Is History%3F	author	E. H. Carr
À rebours	author	Joris-Karl Huysmans
Soldier, Ask Not	author	Gordon R. Dickson
Ancient Law	author	Henry Maine
Boa	author	Paul Phillips
Yertle the Turtle and Other Stories	author	Dr. Seuss
Oh, the Places You'll Go!	author	Dr. Seuss
Gridlock	author	Ben Elton
Johnno	author	David Malouf
OpenCV	author	Intel Corporation, Willow Garage, Itseez
Socrates in Love	author	Kyoichi Katayama
Socrates in Love	author	Kazumi Kazui
Ageha100%25	author	Kozue Takeuchi
The Murder at the Vicarage	author	Agatha Christie
Sanatorium Under the Sign of the Hourglass	author	Bruno Schulz
Washington, D.C.	author	Gore Vidal
A Legend of Montrose	author	Sir Walter Scott
The Reader	author	Bernhard Schlink
The Truth About Hillary	author	Edward Klein
SoundJam MP	author	Bill Kincaid, Jeff Robbin and Dave Heller
Bio Booster Armor Guyver	author	Yoshiki Takaya
Marching Through Georgia	author	S. M. Stirling
Outbreak	author	Robin Cook
Three Men on the Bummel	author	Jerome K. Jerome
Sad Cypress	author	Agatha Christie
Little Men	author	Louisa May Alcott
By the Sword	author	Mercedes Lackey
Animal Dreams	author	Barbara Kingsolver
Lagoon Engine	author	Yukiru Sugisaki
SF Site	author	John O'Neill
Sohryuden: Legend of the Dragon Kings	author	Yoshiki Tanaka
Sohryuden: Legend of the Dragon Kings	author	Clamp
Sohryuden: Legend of the Dragon Kings	author	Megumi Koji
Sweet Valerian	author	Yamakawa Yoshiki
The Truth About Forever	author	Sarah Dessen
Complicity	author	Iain Banks
The House on the Cliff	author	Franklin W. Dixon
The Secret of the Old Mill	author	Franklin W. Dixon
The Missing Chums	author	Franklin W. Dixon
The Shore Road Mystery	author	Franklin W. Dixon
Hunting for Hidden Gold	author	Franklin W. Dixon
The Mystery of Cabin Island	author	Franklin W. Dixon
Footprints Under the Window	author	Franklin W. Dixon
What Happened at Midnight	author	Franklin W. Dixon
The Great Airport Mystery	author	Franklin W. Dixon
While the Clock Ticked	author	Franklin W. Dixon
The Hidden Harbor Mystery	author	Franklin W. Dixon
The Twisted Claw	author	Franklin W. Dixon
The Sinister Signpost	author	Franklin W. Dixon
A Figure in Hiding	author	Franklin W. Dixon
The Secret Warning	author	Franklin W. Dixon
The Mystery of the Flying Express	author	Franklin W. Dixon
The Disappearing Floor	author	Franklin W. Dixon
The Clue of the Broken Blade	author	Franklin W. Dixon
The Secret Panel	author	Franklin W. Dixon
The Flickering Torch Mystery	author	Franklin W. Dixon
The Melted Coins	author	Franklin W. Dixon
The Phantom Freighter	author	Franklin W. Dixon
The Secret of the Lost Tunnel	author	Franklin W. Dixon
The Secret of Skull Mountain	author	Franklin W. Dixon
The Wailing Siren Mystery	author	Franklin W. Dixon
The Sign of the Crooked Arrow	author	Franklin W. Dixon
The Mystery of the Spiral Bridge	author	Franklin W. Dixon
The Viking Symbol Mystery	author	Franklin W. Dixon
The Mystery of the Aztec Warrior	author	Franklin W. Dixon
The Haunted Fort	author	Franklin W. Dixon
The Clue of the Screeching Owl	author	Franklin W. Dixon
Mystery of the Desert Giant	author	Franklin W. Dixon
The Mystery at Devil's Paw	author	Franklin W. Dixon
The Mystery of the Chinese Junk	author	Franklin W. Dixon
The Secret of Wildcat Swamp	author	Franklin W. Dixon
The Secret of Pirates' Hill	author	Franklin W. Dixon
The Clue in the Embers	author	Franklin W. Dixon
The Hooded Hawk Mystery	author	Franklin W. Dixon
The Crisscross Shadow	author	Franklin W. Dixon
The Yellow Feather Mystery	author	Franklin W. Dixon
The Masked Monkey	author	Franklin W. Dixon
The Secret Agent on Flight 101	author	Franklin W. Dixon
The Arctic Patrol Mystery	author	Franklin W. Dixon
The Clue of the Hissing Serpent	author	Franklin W. Dixon
Danger on Vampire Trail	author	Franklin W. Dixon
The Shattered Helmet	author	Franklin W. Dixon
The Mysterious Caravan	author	Franklin W. Dixon
The Witchmaster's Key	author	Franklin W. Dixon
The Jungle Pyramid	author	Franklin W. Dixon
The Sting of the Scorpion	author	Franklin W. Dixon
The Firebird Rocket	author	Franklin W. Dixon
The Bombay Boomerang	author	Franklin W. Dixon
Princess Daisy	author	Judith Krantz
The Book of Illusions	author	Paul Auster
Champions of the Force	author	Kevin J. Anderson
Cart and Cwidder	author	Diana Wynne Jones
Fragments of a Hologram Rose	author	William Gibson
Children Playing Before a Statue of Hercules	author	David Sedaris Ed.
The Comedians	author	Graham Greene
The Citadel	author	A. J. Cronin
Fantastic Mr Fox	author	Roald Dahl
I'm in Marsport Without Hilda	author	Isaac Asimov
Streets of Laredo	author	Larry McMurtry
Dead Man's Walk	author	Larry McMurtry
A Ring of Endless Light	author	Madeleine L'Engle
Elephants Can Remember	author	Agatha Christie
The Heart of Midlothian	author	Sir Walter Scott
Men of Mathematics	author	Eric Temple Bell
National Socialism: Vanguard of the Future	author	Colin Jordan
The Birthday Boys	author	Beryl Bainbridge
The Fifth Sacred Thing	author	Starhawk
The Gate to Women's Country	author	Sheri S. Tepper
The Candidate for Goddess	author	Yukiru Sugisaki
The Lay of Aotrou and Itroun	author	J.R.R. Tolkien
The Price of Salt	author	Patricia Highsmith
Cosmic Trigger II: Down to Earth	author	Robert Anton Wilson
Cosmic Trigger III: My Life After Death	author	Robert Anton Wilson
Libris Mortis	author	Andy Collins
Libris Mortis	author	Bruce Cordell
The Walls Came Tumbling Down	author	Robert Anton Wilson
Prometheus Rising	author	Robert Anton Wilson
The Illuminati Papers	author	Robert Anton Wilson
My Father's Glory	author	Marcel Pagnol
Sunstorm	author	Arthur C. Clarke
Sunstorm	author	Stephen Baxter
My Father's Dragon	author	Ruth Stiles Gannett
The Horns of Nimon	author	Terrance Dicks
Nightmare of Eden	author	Terrance Dicks
The Creature from the Pit	author	David Fisher
Right Where You Are Sitting Now	author	Robert Anton Wilson
The New Inquisition	author	Robert Anton Wilson
Elmer and the Dragon	author	Ruth Stiles Gannett
The Dominica Story	author	Lennox Honychurch
The Vendor of Sweets	author	R. K. Narayan
Hypermail	author	Kevin Hughes
Phantom	author	Terry Goodkind
The Arm of the Starfish	author	Madeleine L'Engle
Redgauntlet	author	Walter Scott
Without Feathers	author	Woody Allen
Kinda	author	Terrance Dicks
Mao: The Unknown Story	author	Jung Chang
Mao: The Unknown Story	author	Jon Halliday
Time-Flight	author	Peter Grimwade
Snakedance	author	Terrance Dicks
Dangaioh	author	Ken Ishikawa
Songs for the Philologists	author	J. R. R. Tolkien, E. V. Gordon, et al.
Joe Cinque's Consolation	author	Helen Garner
How to Lie with Statistics	author	Darrell Huff
Frontios	author	Christopher H. Bidmead
The Invasion	author	Ian Marter
The Time Wanderers	author	Arkady and Boris Strugatsky
Warriors of the Deep	author	Terrance Dicks
The Awakening	author	Eric Pringle
The Mind of Evil	author	Terrance Dicks
The Ambassadors of Death	author	Terrance Dicks
The Time Monster	author	Terrance Dicks
The Monster of Peladon	author	Terrance Dicks
The Sea Devils	author	Malcolm Hulke
The Redundancy of Courage	author	Timothy Mo
Empire	author	Michael Hardt and Antonio Negri
Mankuthimmana Kagga	author	D. V. Gundappa
The Ice Warriors	author	Brian Hayles
The Space Pirates	author	Terrance Dicks
The Underwater Menace	author	Nigel Robinson
Fear on Wheels	author	Franklin W. Dixon
The Problems of Philosophy	author	Bertrand Russell
The Black Cloud	author	Fred Hoyle
New Poems	author	Rainer Maria Rilke
Long Walk to Freedom	author	Nelson Mandela
The Sailor Who Fell from Grace with the Sea	author	Yukio Mishima
The Faceless Ones	author	Terrance Dicks
Sex and the Single Girl	author	Helen Gurley Brown
The Macra Terror	author	Ian Stuart Black
Aliens Ate My Homework	author	Bruce Coville
Silent Bob Speaks	author	Kevin Smith
A History of Western Philosophy	author	Bertrand Russell
A Loyal Character Dancer	author	Qiu Xiaolong
The Web of Fear	author	Terrance Dicks
The Story of My Experiments with Truth	author	Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi
Snappy	author	Jeff Dean, Sanjay Ghemawat, Steinar H. Gunderson
The Enemy of the World	author	Ian Marter
Fury from the Deep	author	Victor Pemberton
The Wheel in Space	author	Terrance Dicks
Lajja	author	Taslima Nasrin
Long Way Round	author	Ewan McGregor and Charley Boorman
The Minpins	author	Roald Dahl
Pigeon English	author	Stephen Kelman
The First Sex	author	Elizabeth Gould Davis
Library Access to Music Project	author	Keith Winstein, Joshua Mandel, and others
Voyage	author	Stephen Baxter
Postcards	author	Annie Proulx
SCOTUSblog	author	Tom Goldstein and Amy Howe
Regina's Song	author	David Eddings
Rebecca's Tale	author	Sally Beauman
Derailed	author	James Siegel
The Sexual Life of Catherine M.	author	Catherine Millet
Tao Framework	author	Randy Ridge
Seabiscuit: An American Legend	author	Laura Hillenbrand
The Destruction of Dresden	author	David Irving
Kaze Hikaru	author	Taeko Watanabe
The Fool's Progress	author	Edward Abbey
The White Feather	author	P. G. Wodehouse
Wangan Midnight	author	Michiharu Kusunoki
Poor Things	author	Alasdair Gray
Space	author	James A. Michener
Something Leather	author	Alasdair Gray
A History Maker	author	Alisdair Gray
Boy Scout Handbook	author	Boy Scouts of America
The First Chronicles of Druss the Legend	author	David Gemmell
Day of Deceit	author	Robert Stinnett
Gon	author	Masashi Tanaka
Little Altars Everywhere	author	Rebecca Wells
The Art of Cookery made Plain and Easy	author	\
Pierre; or, The Ambiguities	author	Herman Melville
The Game	author	Ken Dryden
Khaki Mafia	author	Robin Moore and June Collins
O Ateneu	author	Raul Pompéia
A Liar's Autobiography	author	Graham Chapman
Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood	author	Rebecca Wells
Debt of Bones	author	Terry Goodkind
The Blessing Way	author	Tony Hillerman
Mastering the Art of French Cooking	author	Simone Beck
Mastering the Art of French Cooking	author	Louisette Bertholle
Mastering the Art of French Cooking	author	Julia Child
Moosewood Cookbook	author	Mollie Katzen
Oracle Night	author	Paul Auster
Ambassador Magma	author	Osamu Tezuka
After Virtue	author	Alasdair MacIntyre
The Fourth Hand	author	John Irving
The Nature of Alexander	author	Mary Renault
The Book of the Long Sun	author	Gene Wolfe
Fire and Hemlock	author	Diana Wynne Jones
The Book of the Short Sun	author	Gene Wolfe
A Course of Modern Analysis	author	E. T. Whittaker and G. N. Watson
The Nursery %22Alice%22	author	Lewis Carroll
My Education: A Book of Dreams	author	William S. Burroughs
Bliss	author	Peter Carey
Emotional Intelligence	author	Daniel Goleman
On Beyond Zebra!	author	Dr. Seuss
Wampeters, Foma and Granfalloons	author	Kurt Vonnegut
Post Office	author	Charles Bukowski
Fletch Won	author	Gregory Mcdonald
Mexico	author	James Michener
The Angel of the Odd	author	Edgar Allan Poe
Searching for David's Heart	author	Cherie Bennett
Taras Bulba	author	Nikolai Gogol
The Politically Incorrect Guide to Islam	author	Robert Spencer
The Design Inference	author	William Dembski
Supreme Injustice	author	Alan Dershowitz
PGPfone	author	Phil Zimmermann
Rainbow Mars	author	Larry Niven
Hammerhead Ranch Motel	author	Tim Dorsey
Cadillac Beach	author	Tim Dorsey
Torpedo Juice	author	Tim Dorsey
Man Plus	author	Frederik Pohl
The History of the Runestaff	author	Michael Moorcock
Shout at the Devil	author	Wilbur Smith
Antic Hay	author	Aldous Huxley
Dovecot	author	Timo Sirainen
House of Incest	author	Anaïs Nin
The Deep Blue Good-by	author	John D. MacDonald
To Heart 2	author	Aquaplus
The Final Days	author	Bob Woodward
The Final Days	author	Carl Bernstein
Les Chants de Maldoror	author	Comte de Lautréamont
The Last Dragonlord	author	Joanne Bertin
Dragon and Phoenix	author	Joanne Bertin
Complete Arcane	author	Richard Baker
The War in the Air	author	H. G. Wells
The Gay Science	author	Friedrich Nietzsche
Indiana Jones and the Philosopher's Stone	author	Max McCoy
Dictionary of Australian Biography	author	Percival Serle
The Perks of Being a Wallflower	author	Stephen Chbosky
Mumbo Jumbo	author	Ishmael Reed
1408	author	Stephen King
American Terrorist	author	Lou Michel and Dan Herbeck
Emergency Response Guidebook	author	United States Department of Transportation
The Mysterious Flame of Queen Loana	author	Umberto Eco
Jonathan Troy	author	Edward Abbey
As Seen on TV	author	Chris Kerr
The Brave Cowboy	author	Edward Abbey
Fire on the Mountain	author	Edward Abbey
Good News	author	Edward Abbey
The Big Over Easy	author	Jasper Fforde
A Latin Dictionary	author	Charlton T. Lewis and Charles Short
County of London Plan	author	Patrick Abercrombie and
County of London Plan	author	J.H. Forshaw
The Zahir	author	Paulo Coelho
The Last Article	author	Harry Turtledove
In the Woods	author	Tana French
The Night in Lisbon	author	Erich Maria Remarque
SIOD	author	George J. Carrette
Equal Danger	author	Leonardo Sciascia
Thrill-Power Overload	author	David Bishop
Still Life with Woodpecker	author	Tom Robbins
Hinds' Feet on High Places	author	Hannah Hurnard
Gray Matter	author	Stephen King
Anna of Byzantium	author	Tracy Barrett
The Death of Virgil	author	Hermann Broch
The g Factor: The Science of Mental Ability	author	Arthur R. Jensen
Sometimes They Come Back	author	Stephen King
Reveries of a Solitary Walker	author	Jean-Jacques Rousseau
The Sittaford Mystery	author	Agatha Christie
Beyond Eagle and Swastika	author	Kurt P. Tauber
Sugar Rush	author	Julie Burchill
Smart Mobs	author	Howard Rheingold
Songbook	author	Nick Hornby
The Chancellor Manuscript	author	Robert Ludlum
Out of the Everywhere and Other Extraordinary Visions	author	Alice Sheldon
Crown of Stars	author	Alice Sheldon
Star Songs of an Old Primate	author	Alice Sheldon
OpenPlay	author	Apple Inc.
Warm Worlds and Otherwise	author	Alice Sheldon
Ten Thousand Light-Years from Home	author	Alice Sheldon
The Virgin Soldiers	author	Leslie Thomas
A Key to Uncle Tom's Cabin	author	Harriet Beecher Stowe
Witchcraft Today	author	Gerald Gardner
Alice Through the Needle's Eye	author	Gilbert Adair
100 People Who Are Screwing Up America	author	Bernard Goldberg
Eater	author	Gregory Benford
The Bunker	author	James P. O'Donnell
The Bunker	author	Uwe Bahnsen
Loveless	author	Yun Kōga
The Gammage Cup	author	Carol Kendall
Henry and June	author	Anaïs Nin
The Thief and the Dogs	author	Naguib Mahfouz
And the Sea Will Tell	author	Vincent Bugliosi
The Relativity of Wrong	author	Isaac Asimov
Reliquary	author	Douglas Preston
Reliquary	author	Lincoln Child
F-Spot	author	Ettore Perazzoli
The Dain Curse	author	Dashiell Hammett
The Flight from the Enchanter	author	Iris Murdoch
The Riddle-Master of Hed	author	Patricia A. McKillip
Ninjam	author	Brennan Underwood, Justin Frankel, with notable work by Tom Pepper
TextMaker	author	SoftMaker
The 480	author	Eugene Burdick
Red Prophet	author	Orson Scott Card
Mr Pye	author	Mervyn Peake
Fierce Invalids Home from Hot Climates	author	Tom Robbins
Appointment with Death	author	Agatha Christie
The Fire Next Time	author	James Baldwin
Skinner's Room	author	William Gibson
The Iron Dream	author	Norman Spinrad
A Dance with Dragons	author	George R. R. Martin
Pyongyang: A Journey in North Korea	author	Guy Delisle
Last Men in London	author	Olaf Stapledon
How to Design Programs	author	Matthias Felleisen
How to Design Programs	author	Robert Bruce Findler
How to Design Programs	author	Matthew Flatt
How to Design Programs	author	Shriram Krishnamurthi
Until I Find You	author	John Irving
Under and Alone	author	William Queen
Parallel	author	Toshihiko Kobayashi
Cheeky Angel	author	Hiroyuki Nishimori
Mindstar Rising	author	Peter F. Hamilton
A Quantum Murder	author	Peter F. Hamilton
The Nano Flower	author	Peter F. Hamilton
Blood Fever	author	Charlie Higson
The Riddle of the Sands	author	Robert Erskine Childers
The Italian Girl	author	Iris Murdoch
Nothing but the Truth: A Documentary Novel	author	Avi
Set This House on Fire	author	William Styron
Skipping Towards Gomorrah	author	Dan Savage
Power Without Glory	author	Frank Hardy
Titus Groan	author	Mervyn Peake
Floor Games	author	H. G. Wells
Zodiac	author	Robert Graysmith
The Deep End of the Ocean	author	Jacquelyn Mitchard
Ralph S. Mouse	author	Beverly Cleary
Lasher	author	Anne Rice
It Takes a Family	author	Rick Santorum
America Is in the Heart	author	Carlos Bulosan
American Empire: The Center Cannot Hold	author	Harry Turtledove
Jill the Reckless	author	P. G. Wodehouse
A Star Called Henry	author	Roddy Doyle
Steps to an Ecology of Mind	author	Gregory Bateson
The Secret Life of Bees	author	Sue Monk Kidd
Dan Doh!!	author	Nobuhiro Sakata
C Traps and Pitfalls	author	Andrew Koenig
The Temple of the Golden Pavilion	author	Yukio Mishima
Where's My Cow%3F	author	Terry Pratchett
The Sea and Little Fishes	author	Terry Pratchett
Notes from a Small Island	author	Bill Bryson
Accelerando	author	Charles Stross
The Third Eye	author	Lobsang Rampa
Nylon Angel	author	Marianne de Pierres
The Music of Dolphins	author	Karen Hesse
First Law	author	Isaac Asimov
1985	author	Anthony Burgess
Bare-faced Messiah	author	Russell Miller
If I Forget Thee, Oh Earth	author	Arthur C. Clarke
Garfield: His 9 Lives	author	Jim Davis
Garfield: His 9 Lives	author	Et alii
The Butcher Boy	author	Patrick McCabe
Breakfast on Pluto	author	Patrick McCabe
A Fable	author	William Faulkner
The Atrocity Archives	author	Charles Stross
The Argumentative Indian	author	Amartya Sen
Three Act Tragedy	author	Agatha Christie
Why Didn't They Ask Evans%3F	author	Agatha Christie
Murder in Mesopotamia	author	Agatha Christie
Dumb Witness	author	Agatha Christie
Hercule Poirot's Christmas	author	Agatha Christie
Kabumpo in Oz	author	Ruth Plumly Thompson
The Snapper	author	Roddy Doyle
Camelot 30K	author	Robert L. Forward
The Woman Who Walked into Doors	author	Roddy Doyle
Thidwick the Big-Hearted Moose	author	Dr. Seuss
Running with Scissors	author	Augusten Burroughs
At Swim, Two Boys	author	Jamie O'Neill
The House of Asterion	author	Jorge Luis Borges
UP Diksiyonaryong Filipino	author	Virgilio Almario
Django	author	Lawrence Journal-World
Kokoro Library	author	Nobuyuki Takagi
Annie on My Mind	author	Nancy Garden
The Nature of the Judicial Process	author	Benjamin N. Cardozo
Self	author	Yann Martel
A Secret Vice	author	J.R.R. Tolkien
The Master	author	Colm Tóibín
Guy Domville	author	Henry James
A Long Way Down	author	Nick Hornby
The South	author	Colm Tóibín
Gold	author	Wilbur Smith
Fath al-Bari	author	Ibn Hajar al-Asqalani
The Assassins: A Radical Sect in Islam	author	Bernard Lewis
Murder Is Easy	author	Agatha Christie
The Body in the Library	author	Agatha Christie
My Michael	author	Amoz Oz
The Benson Murder Case	author	S. S. Van Dine
Jihad vs. McWorld	author	Benjamin Barber
The Dragon Murder Case	author	S. S. Van Dine
Towards Zero	author	Agatha Christie
Sparkling Cyanide	author	Agatha Christie
Parker Pyne Investigates	author	Agatha Christie
Dark Water	author	Koji Suzuki
Milestones	author	Sayyid Qutb
The Heather Blazing	author	Colm Tóibín
The Rising	author	Brian Keene
The Case for Democracy	author	Natan Sharansky and Ron Dermer
Race and Slavery in the Middle East	author	Bernard Lewis
Mindkiller	author	Spider Robinson
The Scarlet Citadel	author	Robert E. Howard
The Tower of the Elephant	author	Robert E. Howard
The Phoenix on the Sword	author	Robert E. Howard
Jewels of Gwahlur	author	Robert E. Howard
Queen of the Black Coast	author	Robert E. Howard
Beyond the Black River	author	Robert E. Howard
Rogues in the House	author	Robert E. Howard
The Hour of the Dragon	author	Robert E. Howard
The God in the Bowl	author	Robert E. Howard
Shadows in Zamboula	author	Robert E. Howard
Quentin Durward	author	Walter Scott
Red Nails	author	Robert E. Howard
Black Colossus	author	Robert E. Howard
The Slithering Shadow	author	Robert E. Howard
Shadows in the Moonlight	author	Robert E. Howard
The Devil in Iron	author	Robert E. Howard
The Vale of Lost Women	author	Robert E. Howard
The Pool of the Black One	author	Robert E. Howard
The Frost-Giant's Daughter	author	Robert E. Howard
The Black Stranger	author	Robert E. Howard
The Saga of Seven Suns	author	Kevin J. Anderson
A Walk on the Wild Side	author	Nelson Algren
The Hot Kid	author	Elmore Leonard
Hindu Temples: What Happened to Them	author	Sita Ram Goel
Hindu Temples: What Happened to Them	author	Arun Shourie
Hindu Temples: What Happened to Them	author	Harsh Narain
Hindu Temples: What Happened to Them	author	Jay Dubashi
Hindu Temples: What Happened to Them	author	Ram Swarup
The Story of the Night	author	Colm Tóibín
Pascali's Island	author	Barry Unsworth
Mythology	author	Edith Hamilton
Death of a Train	author	Freeman Wills Crofts
Kick Ass	author	Carl Hiaasen, Diane Stevenson
Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince	author	J. K. Rowling
Servant of the Bones	author	Anne Rice
Blue Like Jazz	author	Donald Miller
A, A Prime	author	Moto Hagio
Kushiel's Chosen	author	Jacqueline Carey
Kushiel's Avatar	author	Jacqueline Carey
Himitsu no Akko-chan	author	Fujio Akatsuka
Vittorio the Vampire	author	Anne Rice
Looking for Alaska	author	John Green
The Unix Programming Environment	author	Brian W. Kernighan (and) Rob Pike
The Sandcastle	author	Iris Murdoch
Trustee from the Toolroom	author	Nevil Shute
Elizabeth Costello	author	J. M. Coetzee
Inconstant Moon	author	Larry Niven
The Enchanted Wood	author	Enid Blyton
The Blue Castle	author	L. M. Montgomery
Eye of Cat	author	Roger Zelazny
Arrow's Fall	author	Mercedes Lackey
Doorways in the Sand	author	Roger Zelazny
Becoming Madame Mao	author	Anchee Min
Spider-Man: The Manga	author	Kōsei Ono
Spider-Man: The Manga	author	Kazumasa Hirai
Children of the Arbat	author	Anatoly Rybakov
Closing Time	author	Joseph Heller
The Gruffalo	author	Julia Donaldson
Zuo zhuan	author	Zuo Qiuming
Eloise	author	Kay Thompson
The Vampire's Assistant	author	Darren Shan
Hime-chan's Ribbon	author	Megumi Mizusawa
Revolutionary Road	author	Richard Yates
Ultra Maniac	author	Wataru Yoshizumi
Everything's Eventual	author	Stephen King
The Folk of the Fringe	author	Orson Scott Card
Ring	author	Koji Suzuki
Your Best Life Now	author	Joel Osteen
The Covenant	author	James A. Michener
KDE Dot News	author	KDE
Where Is Joe Merchant%3F	author	Jimmy Buffett
A Pirate Looks at Fifty	author	Jimmy Buffett
Densha Otoko	author	Yowamushi Pedal
Densha Otoko	author	Hidenori Hara
Killshot	author	Elmore Leonard
Sci Fiction	author	Ellen Datlow
Death Comes as the End	author	Agatha Christie
Taken at the Flood	author	Agatha Christie
A Murder Is Announced	author	Agatha Christie
They Came to Baghdad	author	Agatha Christie
Mrs McGinty's Dead	author	Agatha Christie
A Pocket Full of Rye	author	Agatha Christie
Destination Unknown	author	Agatha Christie
They Do It with Mirrors	author	Agatha Christie
Hickory Dickory Dock	author	Agatha Christie
4.50 from Paddington	author	Agatha Christie
I Kissed Dating Goodbye	author	Joshua Harris
The Awkward Age	author	Henry James
The Water Is Wide	author	Pat Conroy
Family Happiness	author	Leo Tolstoy
Flowers in the Attic	author	V. C. Andrews
The Matchlock Gun	author	Walter D. Edmonds
Skylark DuQuesne	author	E. E. Smith
The 35th of May, or Conrad's Ride to the South Seas	author	Erich Kästner
The Law of Ueki	author	Tsubasa Fukuchi
Bears Discover Fire	author	Terry Bisson
The Martian Child	author	David Gerrold
Georgia on My Mind	author	Charles Sheffield
China Mountain Zhang	author	Maureen F. McHugh
Grotto of the Dancing Deer	author	Clifford D. Simak
Cyteen	author	C. J. Cherryh
The West End Horror	author	Nicholas Meyer
The Persian Boy	author	Mary Renault
Trip-a-Tron	author	Jeff Minter
Interpreter of Maladies	author	Jhumpa Lahiri
Komm, süßer Tod	author	Wolf Haas
Aria	author	Kozue Amano
The Pale Horse	author	Agatha Christie
Ordeal by Innocence	author	Agatha Christie
Cat Among the Pigeons	author	Agatha Christie
The Clocks	author	Agatha Christie
A Caribbean Mystery	author	Agatha Christie
Third Girl	author	Agatha Christie
Endless Night	author	Agatha Christie
Passenger to Frankfurt	author	Agatha Christie
Nemesis	author	Agatha Christie
Postern of Fate	author	Agatha Christie
Tweakers	author	Femme Taken
Exultant	author	Stephen Baxter
Murderous Maths	author	Kjartan Poskitt
Zadig	author	Voltaire
The Boat of a Million Years	author	Poul Anderson
Master Keaton	author	Hokusei Katsushika
Master Keaton	author	Takashi Nagasaki
Pilgrim	author	Timothy Findley
The Cookie Monster	author	Vernor Vinge
Excellent Cadavers	author	Alexander Stille
Ted Scott Flying Stories	author	Franklin W. Dixon
By the Pricking of My Thumbs	author	Agatha Christie
The Know-It-All	author	A. J. Jacobs
Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell: Operation Barracuda	author	David Michaels
I Want a Dog	author	Dayal Kaur Khalsa
Be Here Now	author	Ram Dass
The King Beyond the Gate	author	David Gemmell
In the Garden of Iden	author	Kage Baker
Modern C++ Design	author	Andrei Alexandrescu
Passage Meditation	author	Eknath Easwaran
It Takes a Village	author	Hillary Clinton
The Conversations at Curlow Creek	author	David Malouf
Manhattan Nocturne	author	Colin Harrison
Angel Eyes	author	Loren D. Estleman
Old School	author	Tobias Wolff
Onmyō Taisenki	author	Yoshihiko Tomizawa
The Icarus Agenda	author	Robert Ludlum
Lords of the Starship	author	Mark S. Geston
Felidae	author	Akif Pirinçci
YaCy	author	Michael Christen
Youth in Revolt	author	C. D. Payne
The Mouse and the Motorcycle	author	Beverly Cleary
Wittgenstein's Mistress	author	David Markson
Cobra	author	Buichi Terasawa
The Haunter of the Dark	author	H. P. Lovecraft
Day of the Cheetah	author	Dale Brown
Conference of the Birds: The Story of Peter Brook in Africa	author	John Heilpern
Kangaroo Notebook	author	Kōbō Abe
Jushin Liger	author	Go Nagai
The Barracks Thief	author	Tobias Wolff
A History of the Arab Peoples	author	Albert Hourani
The King of the Golden River	author	John Ruskin
The Landlady	author	Roald Dahl
PyMOL	author	Warren Lyford DeLano
Kalki	author	Gore Vidal
Ilse Witch	author	Terry Brooks
Antrax	author	Terry Brooks
Morgawr	author	Terry Brooks
Madness and Civilization	author	Michel Foucault
Weetzie Bat	author	Francesca Lia Block
Working Classics	author	Peter Oresick
Working Classics	author	Nicholas Coles
Sarrasine	author	Honoré de Balzac
Z	author	Roland Barthes
Pickman's Model	author	H. P. Lovecraft
North and South	author	Elizabeth Gaskell
I Am David	author	Anne Holm
What Is Life%3F	author	Erwin Schrödinger
Cry to Heaven	author	Anne Rice
The Jungles of Chult	author	James Lowder and Jean Rabe
Complete Adventurer	author	Jesse Decker
Complete Warrior	author	Andy Collins, David Noonan, Ed Stark
Today We Choose Faces	author	Roger Zelazny
The Heart of Jade	author	Salvador de Madariaga
Warrior of Love Rainbowman	author	Mitsuru Adachi
Inside Job	author	Connie Willis
Remake	author	Connie Willis
Bellwether	author	Connie Willis
Always Running	author	Luis J. Rodriguez
Worms of the Earth	author	Robert E. Howard
Bit-tech	author	Vinny Dhir
The Buddha of Suburbia	author	Hanif Kureishi
The Making of The Wizard of Oz	author	Aljean Harmetz
The Robber Bridegroom	author	Eudora Welty
Detective School Q	author	Seimaru Amagi
Super Taboo	author	Wolf Ogami
Tribulations of a Chinaman in China	author	Jules Verne
Noon: 22nd Century	author	Arkady and Boris Strugatsky
World's End	author	Upton Sinclair
Honey and Clover	author	Chica Umino
An Instance of the Fingerpost	author	Iain Pears
Escape Attempt	author	Arkady and Boris Strugatsky
Poirot Investigates	author	Agatha Christie
Horrible Science	author	Nick Arnold; Phil Gates
Hornblower in the West Indies	author	C. S. Forester
Sky Coyote	author	Kage Baker
The Sandman	author	E. T. A. Hoffmann
A Little Snow Fairy Sugar	author	Botan Hanayashiki
ESPN.com	author	ESPN, Inc.
To Reign in Hell: The Exile of Khan Noonien Singh	author	Greg Cox
Honour Among Thieves	author	Jeffrey Archer
Cromartie High School	author	Eiji Nonaka
Little Birds	author	Anaïs Nin
Far Rainbow	author	Arkady and Boris Strugatsky
Almost Transparent Blue	author	Ryū Murakami
Mendoza in Hollywood	author	Kage Baker
The Gates of Morning	author	Henry De Vere Stacpoole
Freeway Fighter	author	Ian Livingstone
The Mount	author	Carol Emshwiller
March Violets	author	Philip Kerr
Cain Rose Up	author	Stephen King
Mrs. Todd's Shortcut	author	Stephen King
The Fifth Column and the First Forty-Nine Stories	author	Ernest Hemingway
Request Tracker	author	Jesse Vincent
A Clean, Well-Lighted Place	author	Ernest Hemingway
The Snows of Kilimanjaro	author	Ernest Hemingway
Men Without Women	author	Ernest Hemingway
Winner Take Nothing	author	Ernest Hemingway
The Citadel of Chaos	author	Steve Jackson
Starship Traveller	author	Steve Jackson
Starship Traveller	author	Steve Jackson
The Devil Finds Work	author	James Baldwin
Deathtrap Dungeon	author	Ian Livingstone
Doctors	author	Erich Segal
Year of the Intern	author	Robin Cook
The Presentation of Self in Everyday Life	author	Erving Goffman
Copernic Desktop Search	author	Copernic
The Graveyard Game	author	Kage Baker
The Rose and the Yew Tree	author	Mary Westmacott
Strider	author	Beverly Cleary
Scandal at High Chimneys	author	John Dickson Carr
How to Eat Fried Worms	author	Thomas Rockwell
The Life of the World to Come	author	Kage Baker
The New Jerusalem	author	G. K. Chesterton
Legal Information Institute	author	Peter Martin and Tom Bruce
The Shadow Line	author	Joseph Conrad
Barlowe's Inferno	author	Wayne Barlowe
The Namesake	author	Jhumpa Lahiri
The Human Factor	author	Graham Greene
Giant's Bread	author	Mary Westmacott
Unfinished Portrait	author	Mary Westmacott
Absent in the Spring	author	Mary Westmacott
Too Many Magicians	author	Randall Garrett
A Daughter's a Daughter	author	Mary Westmacott
Colonization: Second Contact	author	Harry Turtledove
Complete Divine	author	David Noonan
The Tale of Samuel Whiskers or The Roly-Poly Pudding	author	Beatrix Potter
Island of the Lizard King	author	Ian Livingstone
Open Diary	author	Bruce Ableson
Tomie	author	Junji Ito
ICon: Steve Jobs	author	Jeffrey S. Young
ICon: Steve Jobs	author	William L. Simon
Abba Abba	author	Anthony Burgess
The Jagged Orbit	author	John Brunner
Lucky Child	author	Loung Ung
Here Is Greenwood	author	Yukie Nasu
Miss Rumphius	author	Barbara Cooney
Cantarella	author	You Higuri
The Burden	author	Mary Westmacott
The Labours of Hercules	author	Agatha Christie
Poirot's Early Cases	author	Agatha Christie
Partners in Crime	author	Agatha Christie
Hell Island	author	Matthew Reilly
Mobile Magazine	author	Tania Kaur
The Ungoverned	author	Vernor Vinge
Gunparade March	author	Rei Hiroe
Ring	author	Stephen Baxter
The White Bull	author	Voltaire
The Man of Forty Crowns	author	Voltaire
The Return	author	William Shatner, with Garfield Reeves-Stevens and Judith Reeves-Stevens
Our Island Story	author	H. E. Marshall
Zahrah the Windseeker	author	Nnedi Okorafor
War of the Spider Queen	author	Richard Lee Byers
War of the Spider Queen	author	Thomas M. Reid
War of the Spider Queen	author	Richard Baker
War of the Spider Queen	author	Lisa Smedman
War of the Spider Queen	author	Philip Athans
War of the Spider Queen	author	Paul S. Kemp
Bullet Park	author	John Cheever
Doctor Thorne	author	Anthony Trollope
The Lives of a Cell: Notes of a Biology Watcher	author	Lewis Thomas
The Sheep Look Up	author	John Brunner
After Worlds Collide	author	Philip Gordon Wylie
After Worlds Collide	author	Edwin Balmer
Hard to Be a God	author	Arkady and Boris Strugatsky
Scorpia	author	Anthony Horowitz
Eagle Strike	author	Anthony Horowitz
Jim the Boy	author	Tony Earley
The Constant Gardener	author	John le Carré
Sea of Swords	author	R.A. Salvatore
Mermaid Saga	author	Rumiko Takahashi
The Kid from Hell	author	Arkady and Boris Strugatsky
Dr. Heidenhoff's Process	author	Edward Bellamy
The Third Wave	author	Alvin Toffler
The Wave	author	Todd Strasser
Magical Taluluto	author	Tatsuya Egawa
Stiff Upper Lip, Jeeves	author	P. G. Wodehouse
Avalon	author	Anya Seton
A Certain Smile	author	Françoise Sagan
Destination: Morgue!	author	James Ellroy
Crime Wave	author	James Ellroy
Hollywood Nocturnes	author	James Ellroy
Space Jockey	author	Robert A. Heinlein
Psychic Academy	author	Katsu Aki
Kaspar	author	Peter Handke
Lucky You	author	Carl Hiaasen
Einstein's Dreams	author	Alan Lightman
Duncton Wood	author	William Horwood
Shonan Junai Gumi	author	Tooru Fujisawa
The Black Dwarf	author	Walter Scott
The Aquarian Gospel of Jesus the Christ	author	Levi H. Dowling
Ibid: A Life	author	Mark Dunn
Faggots	author	Pablo Cabrera and Miguel Paradas
Sonnets to Orpheus	author	Rainer Maria Rilke
The Beast in the Jungle	author	Henry James
Animal Yokochō	author	Ryō Maekawa
The Magic Pudding	author	Norman Lindsay
City of Night	author	John Rechy
The Real Eve	author	Stephen Oppenheimer
Blue	author	Kiriko Nananan
An Occurrence at Owl Creek Bridge	author	Ambrose Bierce
Sexy Voice and Robo	author	Iou Kuroda
DAZ Studio	author	DAZ 3D
Silent Möbius	author	Kia Asamiya
Nightrunners of Bengal	author	John Masters
Sugar Busters!	author	H. Leighton Steward, Sam S. Andrews, Morrison C. Bethea, and Luis A. Balart
Boy's Next Door	author	Kaori Yuki
Americana	author	Don DeLillo
The Last Samurai	author	Helen DeWitt
The Country Girls	author	Edna O'Brien
A Day's Wait	author	Ernest Hemingway
The White Dragon	author	Anne McCaffrey
Trinity's Child	author	William Prochnau
Zorro	author	Isabel Allende
Great Jones Street	author	Don DeLillo
Killing Aurora	author	Helen Barnes
Beach Music	author	Pat Conroy
Goodnight Opus	author	Berkeley Breathed
Tales of Ten Worlds	author	Arthur C. Clarke
Of Time and Stars	author	Arthur C. Clarke
Motherless Brooklyn	author	Jonathan Lethem
The Fortress of Solitude	author	Jonathan Lethem
Manifold: Time	author	Stephen Baxter
The Big Bamboo	author	Tim Dorsey
The Hours	author	Michael Cunningham
The Hero and the Crown	author	Robin McKinley
Black Rain	author	Masuji Ibuse
Romola	author	George Eliot
The Abbot	author	Sir Walter Scott
The Europeans	author	Henry James
Flags of Our Fathers	author	James Bradley
Flags of Our Fathers	author	Ron Powers
Devil in a Blue Dress	author	Walter Mosley
Der Untertan	author	Heinrich Mann
I'll	author	Hiroyuki Asada
The Gnome King of Oz	author	Ruth Plumly Thompson
The Liar	author	Stephen Fry
Emily of New Moon	author	L. M. Montgomery
Looking for Mr. Goodbar	author	Judith Rossner
The Fourth Way	author	P.D. Ouspensky
Death on Credit	author	Louis-Ferdinand Céline
Women	author	Charles Bukowski
The Man Without Qualities	author	Robert Musil
Space Mowgli	author	Arkady and Boris Strugatsky
2001 Nights	author	Yukinobu Hoshino
The Man That Corrupted Hadleyburg	author	Mark Twain
In Defense of Internment	author	Michelle Malkin
Resident Evil: Caliban Cove	author	S. D. Perry
Invasion: How America Still Welcomes Terrorists, Criminals, and Other Foreign Menaces to Our Shores	author	Michelle Malkin
Resident Evil: Underworld	author	S. D. Perry
Ironside: A Modern Faery's Tale	author	Holly Black
Bringing Down the House	author	Ben Mezrich
Journey to the End of the Night	author	Louis-Ferdinand Céline
The Education of Robert Nifkin	author	Daniel Pinkwater
Yobgorgle: Mystery Monster of Lake Ontario	author	Daniel Pinkwater
Out of the Dust	author	Karen Hesse
Shalimar the Clown	author	Salman Rushdie
An Apology for the Life of Mrs. Shamela Andrews	author	Henry Fielding
Security Administrator Tool for Analyzing Networks	author	Dan Farmer and Wietse Venema
My Sister's Keeper	author	Jodi Picoult
The Spirit of the Laws	author	Montesquieu
The Bacta War	author	Michael A. Stackpole
The Red Tree	author	Shaun Tan
The Rise and Fall of the Great Powers	author	Paul Kennedy
Sunset Song	author	Lewis Grassic Gibbon
The Adventures of Roderick Random	author	Tobias Smollett
VDMSound	author	Vlad Romascanu
True History	author	Lucian of Samosata
Bloodbones	author	Jonathan Green
The Field of Swords	author	Conn Iggulden
Neanderthal	author	John Darnton
Can You Forgive Her%3F	author	Anthony Trollope
Raise High the Roof Beam, Carpenters and Seymour: An Introduction	author	J. D. Salinger
Rabbit, Run	author	John Updike
The Italian	author	Ann Radcliffe
Headlong	author	Emlyn Williams
The End	author	Lemony Snicket
Stolen Valor	author	B.G. Burkett and Glenna Whitley
The Book of Good Love	author	Juan Ruiz
The Temptation of Saint Anthony	author	Gustave Flaubert
Casino Royale	author	Ian Fleming
Incredibly Strange Films	author	V. Vale and Andrea Juno
Annie John	author	Jamaica Kincaid
Shuffle!	author	Navel
Housekeeping	author	Marilynne Robinson
A World Out of Time	author	Larry Niven
Knees Up Mother Earth	author	Robert Rankin
Legion of the Lost	author	Jaime Salazar
All I Need Is Love	author	Klaus Kinski
The Emperor of Dreams	author	Clark Ashton Smith
The Story of B	author	Daniel Quinn
Sunrunner's Fire	author	Melanie Rawn
All Tomorrow's Parties	author	William Gibson
The Star Scroll	author	Melanie Rawn
South of the Border, West of the Sun	author	Haruki Murakami
In Search of the Cradle of Civilization	author	Georg Feuerstein, Subhash Kak, and David Frawley
Hello America	author	J. G. Ballard
Den of Thieves	author	James B. Stewart
ProQuest Dialog	author	Roger K. Summit
Mars	author	Fuyumi Soryo
Dying to Win	author	Robert Pape
The Three Hostages	author	John Buchan, 1st Baron Tweedsmuir
Strip Tease	author	Carl Hiaasen
Austerlitz	author	W. G. Sebald
Star Trek: Vanguard	author	David Mack, Dayton Ward, Kevin Dilmore
The Glove of Darth Vader	author	Paul Davids
The Super Barbarians	author	John Brunner
To Conquer Chaos	author	John Brunner
Heart of the Comet	author	David Brin and Gregory Benford
If I Ran the Zoo	author	Dr. Seuss
Carrie's War	author	Nina Bawden
Illywhacker	author	Peter Carey
Black Holes and Time Warps	author	Kip Thorne
The Cowardly Lion of Oz	author	Ruth Plumly Thompson
The Lost King of Oz	author	Ruth Plumly Thompson
Grampa in Oz	author	Ruth Plumly Thompson
The Hungry Tiger of Oz	author	Ruth Plumly Thompson
The Giant Horse of Oz	author	Ruth Plumly Thompson
Jack Pumpkinhead of Oz	author	Ruth Plumly Thompson
The Yellow Knight of Oz	author	Ruth Plumly Thompson
The Wishing Horse of Oz	author	Ruth Plumly Thompson
Handy Mandy in Oz	author	Ruth Plumly Thompson
Ozoplaning with the Wizard of Oz	author	Ruth Plumly Thompson
Merry Go Round in Oz	author	Eloise Jarvis McGraw and Lauren McGraw Wagner
The Hidden Valley of Oz	author	Rachel Cosgrove Payes
The Magical Mimics in Oz	author	Jack Snow
The Shaggy Man of Oz	author	Jack Snow
The Wonder City of Oz	author	John R. Neill
The Scalawagons of Oz	author	John R. Neill
Lotte in Weimar: The Beloved Returns	author	Thomas Mann
Ark Angel	author	Anthony Horowitz
The White Peacock	author	D. H. Lawrence
The Killing Zone	author	James Hatfield
Flint the Time Detective	author	Hideki Sonoda
Flint the Time Detective	author	Akira Yamauchi
I, Lucifer	author	Peter O'Donnell
The Statement of Randolph Carter	author	H. P. Lovecraft
Sex, Drugs, and Cocoa Puffs	author	Chuck Klosterman
The White Guard	author	Mikhail Bulgakov
The Magic Toyshop	author	Angela Carter
Desire	author	Maki Kazumi
The Escaped Cock	author	D. H. Lawrence
Goldilocks and the Three Bears	author	Robert Southey
Solar Lottery	author	Philip K. Dick
The Lost Girl	author	D. H. Lawrence
A Closed Book	author	Gilbert Adair
Little Fuzzy	author	H. Beam Piper
The Plumed Serpent	author	D. H. Lawrence
The Trespasser	author	D. H. Lawrence
Greek Homosexuality	author	Kenneth Dover
Slipback	author	Eric Saward
Judge	author	Fujihiko Hosono
Utsurun Desu.	author	Sensha Yoshida
Family Album	author	Danielle Steel
Heir of Sea and Fire	author	Patricia A. McKillip
The Queen's Nose	author	Dick King-Smith
Haunted Junction	author	Nemu Mukudori
BBC iPlayer	author	BBC
Ole Lukøje	author	Hans Christian Andersen
More Than Human	author	Theodore Sturgeon
The Hampdenshire Wonder	author	J. D. Beresford
The Rings of Kether	author	Andrew Chapman
Birds of Prey	author	David Drake
Rapture	author	David Sosnowski
The Death of the West	author	Patrick J. Buchanan
Close Range: Wyoming Stories	author	E. Annie Proulx
Palomita Blanca	author	Enrique Lafourcade
Mysterious Stranger	author	David Blaine
Climate Audit	author	Stephen McIntyre
Lotus Magellan	author	Bill Gross
Lotus Magellan	author	Larry Gross
Phantom	author	Susan Kay
Small Is Beautiful	author	E. F. Schumacher
The Club Dumas	author	Arturo Pérez-Reverte
Temple of Terror	author	Ian Livingstone
The Ticket That Exploded	author	William S. Burroughs
An Option for Quebec	author	René Lévesque
The Poetics of Space	author	Gaston Bachelard
The Third Chimpanzee	author	Jared Diamond
Life Expectancy	author	Dean Koontz
The Mummy, or Ramses the Damned	author	Anne Rice
Poor White	author	Sherwood Anderson
The Year of the Death of Ricardo Reis	author	José Saramago
The Red Pony	author	John Steinbeck
Final Exit	author	Derek Humphry
Three Guineas	author	Virginia Woolf
The Man Who Loved Only Numbers	author	Paul Hoffman
Bully for Brontosaurus	author	Stephen Jay Gould
Ladysmith	author	Giles Foden
The Last King of Scotland	author	Giles Foden
Envy	author	Yuri Olesha
The Wars	author	Timothy Findley
The Hidden Past	author	Jude Watson
The Dark Rival	author	Jude Watson
The Rising Force	author	Greg Hodgson
Away	author	Michael Gow
Amanda	author	Candice F. Ransom
Novel with Cocaine	author	M. Ageyev
Message in a Bottle	author	Nicholas Sparks
One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest	author	Ken Kesey
The Trigger	author	Arthur C. Clarke
The Trigger	author	Michael P. Kube-McDowell
The Mark of the Crown	author	Jude Watson
The Defenders of the Dead	author	Jude Watson
The Uncertain Path	author	Jude Watson
The Captive Temple	author	Jude Watson
The Day of Reckoning	author	Jude Watson
The Fight for Truth	author	Jude Watson
The Shattered Peace	author	Jude Watson
The Deadly Hunter	author	Jude Watson
The Evil Experiment	author	Jude Watson
Feather Boy	author	Nicky Singer
GeGeGe no Kitarō	author	Shigeru Mizuki
Brain Powerd	author	Yoshiyuki Tomino
Brain Powerd	author	Yoshiyuki Tomino, Akemi Mende
Categories for the Working Mathematician	author	Saunders Mac Lane
Gaia Gear	author	Yoshiyuki Tomino
Dersu Uzala	author	Vladimir Arsenyev
%22...And Ladies of the Club%22	author	Helen Hooven Santmyer
The Mystery of Marie Rogêt	author	Edgar Allan Poe
Confessions of an Economic Hit Man	author	John Perkins
Eleanor Rigby	author	Douglas Coupland
The Dangerous Rescue	author	Jude Watson
The Death of Hope	author	Jude Watson
The Call to Vengeance	author	Jude Watson
The Only Witness	author	Jude Watson
The Threat Within	author	Jude Watson
Among the Thugs	author	Bill Buford
The Prestige	author	Christopher Priest
The Prime Minister	author	Anthony Trollope
The Odessa File	author	Frederick Forsyth
Red Star Over China	author	Edgar Snow
Time's Arrow	author	Martin Amis
Tablet of Destinies	author	Traci Harding
Flux	author	Stephen Baxter
Dance of the Yellow-Breasted Luddites	author	William Shunn
The Halloween Tree	author	Ray Bradbury
Julie of the Wolves	author	Jean Craighead George
Shakugan no Shana	author	Yashichiro Takahashi
Shakugan no Shana	author	Yashichiro Takahashi
The Runaway in Oz	author	John R. Neill
Scots Confession	author	John Knox
Pinball, 1973	author	Haruki Murakami
The Necklace	author	Guy de Maupassant
Azuki-chan	author	Yasushi Akimoto
The Thirteenth Tribe	author	Arthur Koestler
The Pothunters	author	P. G. Wodehouse
Chaka	author	Thomas Mofolo
The Logia of Yeshua	author	Guy Davenport and Benjamin Urrutia
Twice-Told Tales	author	Nathaniel Hawthorne
Tao of Jeet Kune Do	author	Bruce Lee
Winston's War	author	Michael Dobbs
Rainbow Fish	author	Marcus Pfister
Players	author	Don DeLillo
Running Dog	author	Don DeLillo
Never Surrender	author	Michael Dobbs
Someone Like You	author	Roald Dahl
The Abominable Man	author	Sjöwall and Wahlöö
A Stranger in the Mirror	author	Sidney Sheldon
The Streets of Ankh-Morpork	author	Stephen Briggs with Terry Pratchett
Green Shadows, White Whale	author	Ray Bradbury
A Prefect's Uncle	author	P. G. Wodehouse
The Sign of the Twisted Candles	author	Carolyn Keene
The Password to Larkspur Lane	author	Carolyn Keene
Lawrence of Arabia: The Authorised Biography of T. E. Lawrence	author	Jeremy Wilson
Tales from the Perilous Realm	author	J. R. R. Tolkien
The Confidence-Man	author	Herman Melville
Futaba-kun Change!	author	Hiroshi Aro
Strawberry Marshmallow	author	Barasui
The Wonderful Ice Cream Suit and Other Plays	author	Ray Bradbury
The City of Falling Angels	author	John Berendt
Sincerity and Authenticity	author	Lionel Trilling
OpenDemocracy	author	Anthony Barnett, David Hayes, Susan Richards and Paul Hilder
The Agony and the Ecstasy	author	Irving Stone
Baribari Legend	author	Shuichi Shigeno
SEQUEST	author	Jimmy Eng, Ashley McCormack and John Yates
Five Weeks in a Balloon	author	Jules Verne
The Widow's Broom	author	Chris Van Allsburg
The King of Ireland's Son	author	Padraic Colum
The Hungry Tide	author	Amitav Ghosh
Language Made Plain	author	Anthony Burgess
An Imaginary Life	author	David Malouf
I Heard the Owl Call My Name	author	Margaret Craven
What Is Literature%3F	author	Jean-Paul Sartre
A Mouthful of Air	author	Anthony Burgess
Setting Free the Bears	author	John Irving
The Shattered Chain	author	Marion Zimmer Bradley
Jubster	author	Anthony Kristovich III
To Have and to Hold	author	Mary Johnston
The Historian	author	Elizabeth Kostova
The European Miracle	author	Eric Jones
The Chrysanthemum and the Sword	author	Ruth Benedict
The Sword of the Lictor	author	Gene Wolfe
The Claw of the Conciliator	author	Gene Wolfe
The Shadow of the Torturer	author	Gene Wolfe
The Citadel of the Autarch	author	Gene Wolfe
Search Engine Watch	author	Danny Sullivan
Pillar of Fire and Other Plays	author	Ray Bradbury
Anastasia Krupnik	author	Lois Lowry
Fingerprints of the Gods	author	Graham Hancock
The Impossible Man	author	J. G. Ballard
The Ingoldsby Legends	author	Richard Harris Barham
Tales of the Unexpected	author	Roald Dahl
Hooking Up	author	Tom Wolfe
City of Quartz	author	Mike Davis
NetworkManager	author	Red Hat
The Short-Timers	author	Gustav Hasford
Mobile Suit Gundam SEED Destiny Astray	author	Tomohiro Chiba
Fascism in Britain	author	Philip Rees
Maestro	author	Peter Goldsworthy
Birdy the Mighty	author	Masami Yuki
Heritage	author	Dale Smith
And the Hippos Were Boiled in Their Tanks	author	Jack Kerouac
And the Hippos Were Boiled in Their Tanks	author	William S. Burroughs
The Fourth %22R%22	author	George O. Smith
Bentley's Miscellany	author	Editor : Charles Dickens
Bentley's Miscellany	author	Editor :
Bentley's Miscellany	author	William Harrison Ainsworth
Rum Punch	author	Elmore Leonard
The Crystal Cave	author	Mary Stewart
Colony	author	Rob Grant
Eleven Minutes	author	Paulo Coelho
By the River Piedra I Sat Down and Wept	author	Paulo Coelho
Manual of the Warrior of Light	author	Paulo Coelho
The Pilgrimage	author	Paulo Coelho
The Incredible Tide	author	Alexander Key
Heat and Dust	author	Ruth Prawer Jhabvala
The Indiscreet Jewels	author	Denis Diderot
The Shadow	author	Hans Christian Andersen
Lunch at the Gotham Café	author	Stephen King
Alphabet to E-mail	author	Dr. Naomi Baron
Roger's Profanisaurus	author	\
A Rose for Emily	author	William Faulkner
Storm Warning	author	Mercedes Lackey
Jarka Ruus	author	Terry Brooks
Tanequil	author	Terry Brooks
Straken	author	Terry Brooks
The Purple Cloud	author	M. P. Shiel
Rebecca of Sunnybrook Farm	author	Kate Douglas Wiggin
Ghost Sweeper Mikami	author	Takashi Shiina
Mr. Popper's Penguins	author	Richard and Florence Atwater
Utopia	author	Thomas More
Chibi Maruko-chan	author	Momoko Sakura
The Ingenuity Gap	author	Thomas Homer-Dixon
A Tale of Time City	author	Diana Wynne Jones
The Time of the Ghost	author	Diana Wynne Jones
Joyful Noise: Poems for Two Voices	author	Paul Fleischman
Troll Bridge	author	Terry Pratchett
A Single Shard	author	Linda Sue Park
Bud, Not Buddy	author	Christopher Paul Curtis
Prolegomena to Any Future Metaphysics	author	Immanuel Kant
Carry On, Mr. Bowditch	author	Jean Lee Latham
No Longer at Ease	author	Chinua Achebe
From the Mixed-Up Files of Mrs. Basil E. Frankweiler	author	E. L. Konigsburg
The Merchant of Death	author	D. J. MacHale
Jacob Have I Loved	author	Katherine Paterson
Downtime	author	Marc Platt
The Coming of the Quantum Cats	author	Frederik Pohl
The War for Muslim Minds	author	Gilles Kepel
Italian Journey	author	Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Journals	author	Kurt Cobain
The Golden Globe	author	John Varley
A Kiss Before Dying	author	Ira Levin
Despair	author	Vladimir Nabokov
Rogue Squadron	author	Michael A. Stackpole
Direct Action: Memoirs of an Urban Guerrilla	author	Ann Hansen
A Case of Need	author	Michael Crichton
Beetle in the Anthill	author	Arkady and Boris Strugatsky
The Dark Frigate	author	Charles Hawes
Hitty, Her First Hundred Years	author	Rachel Field
Wedge's Gamble	author	Michael A. Stackpole
Wraith Squadron	author	Aaron Allston
Diamond Dogs, Turquoise Days	author	Alastair Reynolds
Dress Your Family in Corduroy and Denim	author	David Sedaris
Listen, Germany!	author	Thomas Mann
Thirteen Days	author	Robert F. Kennedy
Poor Man's Orange	author	Ruth Park
C++	author	Watcom
C++	author	Sybase
C++	author	SciTech Software
I'm Not Who You Think I Am	author	Peg Kehret
Waterless Mountain	author	Laura Adams Armer
Brute Force: Cracking the Data Encryption Standard	author	Matt Curtin
Mezzo DSA	author	Yasuomi Umetsu
Robot AL-76 Goes Astray	author	Isaac Asimov
Asimov's Mysteries	author	Isaac Asimov
Cock and Bull	author	Will Self
Zucchini	author	Barbara Dana
The Krytos Trap	author	Michael A. Stackpole
Northwest Passage	author	Kenneth Roberts
Pâté de Foie Gras	author	Isaac Asimov
The Mind Benders	author	Cyril Vosper
Reaper	author	Ben Mezrich
The Shrinking of Treehorn	author	Florence Parry Heide
Treehorn's Treasure	author	Florence Parry Heide
Prison Memoirs of an Anarchist	author	Alexander Berkman
A Medicine for Melancholy	author	Ray Bradbury
The Rainmaker	author	John Grisham
The Machineries of Joy	author	Ray Bradbury
X Rendering Extension	author	X.Org Foundation
A Maze of Death	author	Philip K. Dick
The Parrot's Theorem	author	Denis Guedj
Gladiator	author	Philip Wylie
A Dead Man in Deptford	author	Anthony Burgess
The Long Rain	author	Ray Bradbury
Waiting for the Barbarians	author	J. M. Coetzee
The Paradise of Death	author	Barry Letts
Difference and Repetition	author	Gilles Deleuze
Image and Reality of the Israel–Palestine Conflict	author	Norman Finkelstein
A Man Without a Country	author	Kurt Vonnegut
Strumpet City	author	James Plunkett
The Door in the Wall	author	Marguerite de Angeli
A Short History of Progress	author	Ronald Wright
Isard's Revenge	author	Michael A. Stackpole
Iron Fist	author	Aaron Allston
Solo Command	author	Aaron Allston
Psychomech	author	Brian Lumley
Palace of the White Skunks	author	Reinaldo Arenas
Notable Last Facts	author	William B. Brahms
Farewell to the Sea	author	Reinaldo Arenas
Poland	author	James Michener
Amazon Adventure	author	Willard Price
South Sea Adventure	author	Willard Price
African Adventure	author	Willard Price
The Swords of Night and Day	author	David Gemmell
The Hallowed Hunt	author	Lois McMaster Bujold
Waiting for the Mahatma	author	R. K. Narayan
In the Lake of the Woods	author	Tim O'Brien
The Westing Game	author	Ellen Raskin
Shadow of a Bull	author	Maia Wojciechowska
Auto-Tune	author	Andy Hildebrand
The Witch of Blackbird Pond	author	Elizabeth George Speare
The Vintage Bradbury	author	Ray Bradbury
Bangladesh: A Legacy of Blood	author	Anthony Mascarenhas
Secret of the Andes	author	Ann Nolan Clark
Shen of the Sea	author	Arthur Bowie Chrisman
Nightmare in Wichita	author	Robert Beattie
Tuva or Bust!	author	Ralph Leighton
A Treatise of Human Nature	author	David Hume
Nuremberg and Vietnam	author	Telford Taylor
La Bête humaine	author	Émile Zola
Agent to the Stars	author	John Scalzi
Coin Locker Babies	author	Ryu Murakami
The Art of Deception	author	Kevin Mitnick
The Art of Deception	author	William L. Simon
The Art of Deception	author	Steve Wozniak
Victory Unintentional	author	Isaac Asimov
Let's Get Together	author	Isaac Asimov
Satisfaction Guaranteed	author	Isaac Asimov
The Jesus Mysteries	author	Timothy Freke
The Jesus Mysteries	author	Peter Gandy
GNU linker	author	GNU Project
Risk	author	Isaac Asimov
Lenny	author	Isaac Asimov
The Sundial	author	Shirley Jackson
The Exiles	author	Ray Bradbury
The Rise and Fall of the Confederate Government	author	Jefferson Davis
Very Bad Deaths	author	Spider Robinson
The March	author	E.L. Doctorow
Not Final!	author	Isaac Asimov
The Light in the Forest	author	Conrad Richter
The Gadfly	author	Ethel Voynich
Galley Slave	author	Isaac Asimov
Feminine Intuition	author	Isaac Asimov
Holiday Snapshots	author	David Hamilton
Joseph and His Brothers	author	Thomas Mann
Adam Loveday	author	Kate Tremayne
Ape and Essence	author	Aldous Huxley
The Loveday Fortunes	author	Kate Tremayne
The Loveday Trials	author	Kate Tremayne
Ogle DVD Player	author	Students of Chalmers University of Technology
The Home and the World	author	Rabindranath Tagore
Monster	author	Frank E. Peretti
The Klingon Hamlet	author	William Shakespeare
Letters from an American Farmer	author	J. Hector St. John de Crèvecœur
Such a Long Journey	author	Rohinton Mistry
Stranger Music	author	Leonard Cohen
Commonwealth Saga	author	Peter F. Hamilton
If Tomorrow Comes	author	Sidney Sheldon
Nothing Lasts Forever	author	Sidney Sheldon
The Best Laid Plans	author	Sidney Sheldon
Morning, Noon and Night	author	Sidney Sheldon
Bloodline	author	Sidney Sheldon
The Sky Is Falling	author	Sidney Sheldon
Bitesize	author	BBC
Master of the Game	author	Sidney Sheldon
Lexikon der indogermanischen Verben	author	Helmut Rix, Martin Kümmel et al.
Passage	author	Connie Willis
The Body Artist	author	Don DeLillo
The Gold Bat	author	P. G. Wodehouse
The Tree Bride	author	Bharati Mukherjee
Desirable Daughters	author	Bharati Mukherjee
Leave It to Me	author	Bharati Mukherjee
The Holder of the World	author	Bharati Mukherjee
Darkness	author	Bharati Mukherjee
Wife	author	Bharati Mukherjee
The Loveday Scandals	author	Kate Tremayne
The Tiger's Daughter	author	Bharati Mukherjee
The Loveday Honour	author	Kate Tremayne
Ride the Wind	author	Lucia St. Clair Robson
Shadow Patriots	author	Lucia St. Clair Robson
Last Words: The Final Journals of William S. Burroughs	author	William S. Burroughs
Ghost Warrior	author	Lucia St. Clair Robson
Tithe: A Modern Faerie Tale	author	Holly Black
The Hollow Hills	author	Mary Stewart
A Hole in Texas	author	Herman Wouk
Manifold: Space	author	Stephen Baxter
Manifold: Origin	author	Stephen Baxter
PinkNews	author	Benjamin Cohen
The Best Awful There Is	author	Carrie Fisher
Mary's Land	author	Lucia St. Clair Robson
Fearless, A Novel of Sarah Bowman	author	Lucia St. Clair Robson
Light a Distant Fire	author	Lucia St. Clair Robson
Walk in My Soul	author	Lucia St. Clair Robson
Pani Poni	author	Hekiru Hikawa
Interzone	author	William S. Burroughs
Incest: From a Journal of Love	author	Anaïs Nin
The Doors of His Face, The Lamps of His Mouth, and Other Stories	author	Roger Zelazny
The Loveday Pride	author	Kate Tremayne
Yamada Tarō Monogatari	author	Ai Morinaga
The Fifth Mountain	author	Paulo Coelho
Mint na Bokura	author	Wataru Yoshizumi
The Valkyries	author	Paulo Coelho
Unnatural Causes	author	P. D. James
A Winter Haunting	author	Dan Simmons
Predator Cities	author	Philip Reeve
The Intelligent Investor	author	Benjamin Graham
Smoky the Cowhorse	author	Will James
Dobry	author	Monica Shannon
Earl Cain	author	Kaori Yuki
X-Day	author	Setona Mizushiro
The Devil's Alternative	author	Frederick Forsyth
Adventures in the Screen Trade	author	William Goldman
No Comebacks	author	Frederick Forsyth
The Shepherd	author	Frederick Forsyth
Gump and Co.	author	Winston Groom
Exterminator!	author	William S. Burroughs
Harvest Home	author	Tom Tryon
Spriggan	author	Hiroshi Takashige
Candy	author	Terry Southern
Candy	author	Mason Hoffenberg
The Russia House	author	John le Carré
Magic Street	author	Orson Scott Card
Appointment with Venus	author	Jerrard Tickell
The Fourth K	author	Mario Puzo
Guin Saga	author	Kaoru Kurimoto
Guin Saga	author	Kazuaki Yanagisawa
Guin Saga	author	Hajime Sawada
The Ski Bum	author	Romain Gary
Vanina Vanini	author	Stendhal
Hyperspace	author	Michio Kaku
You Know They Got a Hell of a Band	author	Stephen King
Anarchism and Other Essays	author	Emma Goldman
The Brothers Lionheart	author	Astrid Lindgren
Gil Blas	author	Alain-René Lesage
Mother Goose in Prose	author	L. Frank Baum
OrCAD	author	Cadence Design Systems
The Nanny Diaries	author	Emma McLaughlin and Nicola Kraus
Helena	author	Evelyn Waugh
The Silent Boy	author	Lois Lowry
The Beauty Myth	author	Naomi Wolf
Alongside Night	author	J. Neil Schulman
The Coffin Dancer	author	Jeffery Deaver
Da Capo	author	Circus
When the Robbers Came to Cardamom Town	author	Thorbjørn Egner
The Machine Gunners	author	Robert Westall
Regency Buck	author	Georgette Heyer
The Hunter's Blades Trilogy	author	R.A. Salvatore
Friday's Child	author	Georgette Heyer
Jeffty Is Five	author	Harlan Ellison
The Prowler in the City at the Edge of the World	author	Harlan Ellison
Star Wars Republic Commando: Hard Contact	author	Karen Traviss
The Cestus Deception	author	Steven Barnes
Memories of Midnight	author	Sidney Sheldon
The Sisters	author	James Joyce
The Traveler	author	John Twelve Hawks
Dead Fingers Talk	author	William S. Burroughs
Behold the Man	author	Michael Moorcock
Speed of Dark	author	Elizabeth Moon
No Enemy But Time	author	Michael Bishop
Declare	author	Tim Powers
The Lucky Country	author	Donald Horne
The Never War	author	D. J. MacHale
Infernal Devices	author	Philip Reeve
Imperialism	author	John A. Hobson
Port of Saints	author	William S. Burroughs
Tornado Alley	author	William S. Burroughs
The Screaming Mimi	author	Fredric Brown
The Satanic Rituals	author	Anton LaVey
Weapons of Choice	author	John Birmingham
The Yage Letters	author	William S. Burroughs and Allen Ginsberg
Lord Loss	author	Darren Shan
The Last Words of Dutch Schultz	author	William S. Burroughs
An Equal Music	author	Vikram Seth
The Meaning of Things	author	A. C. Grayling
Predator	author	Patricia Cornwell
Berenice	author	Edgar Allan Poe
The Perilous Road	author	William O. Steele
The Monkees: The Day-by-Day Story of the 60s TV Pop Sensation	author	Andrew Sandoval
Hannibal's Children	author	John Maddox Roberts
The Wheel on the School	author	Meindert DeJong
Big Sur	author	Jack Kerouac
Maggie Cassidy	author	Jack Kerouac
Visions of Gerard	author	Jack Kerouac
Doctor Sax	author	Jack Kerouac
Pic	author	Jack Kerouac
Satori in Paris	author	Jack Kerouac
City of Pearl	author	Karen Traviss
The Art of Electronics	author	Paul Horowitz
The Art of Electronics	author	Winfield Hill
Tonio Kröger	author	Thomas Mann
A Voyage to Arcturus	author	David Lindsay
Powers of Horror	author	Julia Kristeva
The Joiner King	author	Troy Denning
Dinner at the Homesick Restaurant	author	Anne Tyler
A History of Philosophy	author	Frederick Copleston, S.J.
The Fortunate Pilgrim	author	Mario Puzo
A Mule for the Marquesa	author	Frank O'Rourke
Fools Die	author	Mario Puzo
The Sicilian	author	Mario Puzo
Homepak	author	Russ Wetmore
Thornyhold	author	Mary Stewart
Premalekhanam	author	Vaikom Muhammad Basheer
The Palm-Wine Drinkard	author	Amos Tutuola
Between Facts and Norms	author	Jürgen Habermas
The Italian Secretary	author	Caleb Carr
Dreaming the Dark	author	Starhawk
Never at War	author	Spencer R. Weart
The Image	author	Catherine Robbe-Grillet
Five Equations That Changed the World	author	Michael Guillen
Atop an Underwood: Early Stories and Other Writings	author	Jack Kerouac
Norakuro	author	Suihō Tagawa
Ashita no Joe	author	Ikki Kajiwara
The Unseen Queen	author	Troy Denning
The Swarm War	author	Troy Denning
Gerald's Party	author	Robert Coover
South Park Conservatives	author	Brian C. Anderson
A Million Little Pieces	author	James Frey
Bloodlines	author	Karen Traviss
Betrayal	author	Aaron Allston
Plawres Sanshiro	author	Jirō Gyū
Tutankhamun and the Daughter of Ra	author	Moyra Caldecott
Gilead	author	Marilynne Robinson
A Wild Sheep Chase	author	Haruki Murakami
The Ringworld Engineers	author	Larry Niven
The Ringworld Throne	author	Larry Niven
Philosophical Fragments	author	Søren Kierkegaard
The Concept of Anxiety	author	Søren Kierkegaard
The Magic Barrel	author	Bernard Malamud
No Great Mischief	author	Alistair MacLeod
Balyakalasakhi	author	Vaikom Muhammad Basheer
Strawberry Girl	author	Lois Lenski
Microsoft Virtual Server	author	Connectix
The Kingdom of the Wicked	author	Anthony Burgess
Scars of the Soul Are Why Kids Wear Bandages When They Don't Have Bruises	author	Miles Marshall Lewis
Itsumo Misora	author	Mitsuru Adachi
Katsu!	author	Mitsuru Adachi
Cross Game	author	Mitsuru Adachi
Nine	author	Mitsuru Adachi
Jinbē	author	Mitsuru Adachi
Short Program	author	Mitsuru Adachi
Hiatari Ryōkō!	author	Mitsuru Adachi
Rough	author	Mitsuru Adachi
The Lost City of Faar	author	D. J. MacHale
Miyuki	author	Mitsuru Adachi
The Fan Man	author	William Kotzwinkle
AT&T Internet Services	author	AT&T Corporation
The Poky Little Puppy	author	Janette Sebring Lowrey
Picture This	author	Joseph Heller
The Birds	author	Daphne du Maurier
The Interior Castle	author	St. Teresa of Ávila, O.C.D.
Gub Gub's Book	author	Hugh Lofting
Claudine at School	author	Colette
The First Men in the Moon	author	H. G. Wells
Little Boy Blue	author	Edward Bunker
Read Between the Lies	author	Lori Bryant-Woolridge
Earth and High Heaven	author	Gwethalyn Graham
Muv-Luv	author	Azusa Maxima
Muv-Luv	author	Takashi Ishigaki
Warped Passages	author	Lisa Randall
Ginga Legend Weed	author	Yoshihiro Takahashi
Rogue Warrior	author	Richard Marcinko
Mount Dragon	author	Douglas Preston
Mount Dragon	author	Lincoln Child
Demon Thief	author	Darren Shan
Mulberry	author	Cyrus Daboo
Thumbelina	author	Hans Christian Andersen
My Style	author	Dannii Minogue
Doctor Fischer of Geneva	author	Graham Greene
Moscow 2042	author	Vladimir Voinovich
J R	author	William Gaddis
Ghost Rider: Travels on the Healing Road	author	Neil Peart
The Sceptical Chymist	author	Robert Boyle
Polar Star	author	Martin Cruz Smith
Red Square	author	Martin Cruz Smith
In the Presence of Mine Enemies	author	Harry Turtledove
Sweet Thursday	author	John Steinbeck
The Death of Grass	author	Samuel Youd
Allegiance	author	Timothy Zahn
Outbound Flight	author	Timothy Zahn
A World of Difference	author	Harry Turtledove
O Pioneers!	author	Willa Cather
The Hammer of God	author	Arthur C. Clarke
Survivor's Quest	author	Timothy Zahn
Star Trek: The Next Generation Technical Manual	author	Rick Sternbach and Michael Okuda
Late Show Top Ten List	author	David Letterman and the writers of the Late Show with David Letterman
A Year Down Yonder	author	Richard Peck
Maniac Magee	author	Jerry Spinelli
The Lime Twig	author	John Hawkes
Your and My Secret	author	Ai Morinaga
Nervous Conditions	author	Tsitsi Dangarembga
Night of the Big Heat	author	John Lymington
The Warden	author	Anthony Trollope
Across the Nightingale Floor	author	Lian Hearn
Grass for His Pillow	author	Lian Hearn
Brilliance of the Moon	author	Lian Hearn
Falling Up	author	Shel Silverstein
Dragoncharm	author	Graham Edwards
Deathstalker	author	Simon R. Green
Junk	author	Melvin Burgess
Dorothy Vernon of Haddon Hall	author	Charles Major
The Dream Master	author	Roger Zelazny
The Goose Girl	author	Brothers Grimm
The Drums of Jeopardy	author	Harold MacGrath
Summer of the Swans	author	Betsy Byars
The Doom that Came to Sarnath	author	H.P. Lovecraft
Spiral	author	Koji Suzuki
Life Against Death	author	Norman O. Brown
Why Kings and Queens Don't Wear Crowns	author	Princess Märtha Louise of Norway
Cast of Shadows	author	Kevin Guilfoile
Beard's Roman Women	author	Anthony Burgess
The Secret of Mirror Bay	author	Carolyn Keene
Hess: A Biography	author	Roger Manvell
Hess: A Biography	author	Heinrich Fraenkel
HumorFeed	author	BBspot, The Blue Brick, Bob from Accounting, Bongo News, Broken Newz, Deadbrain, The Enduring Vision, The Fake News, Glossy News, GWBush04.com, The Hammer, The Lemon, The Line Online, No Apologies! Press, Perplexing Times, Random Perspective, That Be Bristle, The Toque, U.S. Press News, The Wired Press, Wreckered
Consuelo	author	George Sand
The Mystery of the Fire Dragon	author	Carolyn Keene
The Z Was Zapped	author	Chris Van Allsburg
Spock's World	author	Diane Duane
Herr Lehmann	author	Sven Regener
HMS Ulysses	author	Alistair MacLean
The Simulacra	author	Philip K. Dick
Two Steps from Heaven	author	Mikhail Evstafiev
And Having Writ...	author	Donald R. Bensen
Azumi	author	Yū Koyama
High School! Kimengumi	author	Motoei Shinzawa
High School! Kimengumi	author	Motoei Shinzawa
Space Opera	author	Jack Vance
Coelebs in Search of a Wife	author	Hannah More
Othello	author	Satomi Ikezawa
Wild Ducks Flying Backward	author	Tom Robbins
Ecce Homo	author	Friedrich Nietzsche
Always Outnumbered, Always Outgunned	author	Walter Mosley
Fruit	author	Fabien Letouzey
Not Quite the Diplomat	author	Chris Patten
Stargate literature	author	List of Stargate literature
Zeno's Conscience	author	Italo Svevo
IMDb	author	Col Needham
Shadowmancer	author	G. P. Taylor
The Homeward Bounders	author	Diana Wynne Jones
A Darkling Plain	author	Philip Reeve
Buddha	author	Osamu Tezuka
The Soddit	author	Adam Roberts
Television Without Pity	author	David T. Cole, Tara Ariano, Sarah D. Bunting, various contributors
The Stone Angel	author	Margaret Laurence
The Incredible and Sad Tale of Innocent Eréndira and Her Heartless Grandmother	author	Gabriel García Márquez
The Parsifal Mosaic	author	Robert Ludlum
A Mother's Gift	author	Britney Spears
A Mother's Gift	author	and Lynne Spears
Bush on the Couch	author	Justin A. Frank
The Practice of Programming	author	Brian W. Kernighan (and) Rob Pike
Vidas Secas	author	Graciliano Ramos
The Princess and the Pea	author	Hans Christian Andersen
The Thin Red Line	author	James Jones
Nor Crystal Tears	author	Alan Dean Foster
The Mysteries of Harris Burdick	author	Chris Van Allsburg
The Disintegration Machine	author	Arthur Conan Doyle
The Forest of Doom	author	Ian Livingstone
City of Thieves	author	Ian Livingstone
The Saracen	author	Robert Shea
A Madman's Diary	author	Lu Xun
The 48 Laws of Power	author	Robert Greene
The Eight Doctors	author	Terrance Dicks
The Harafish	author	Naguib Mahfouz
Double Fudge	author	Judy Blume
Sevastopol Sketches	author	Leo Tolstoy
Dr. Bloodmoney, or How We Got Along After the Bomb	author	Philip K. Dick
Have a Nice Day: A Tale of Blood and Sweatsocks	author	Mick Foley
Foley Is Good	author	Mick Foley
April Morning	author	Howard Fast
The Civil War: A Narrative	author	Shelby Foote
The Nightingale	author	Hans Christian Andersen
Mio, My Son	author	Astrid Lindgren
They Would Never Hurt a Fly	author	Slavenka Drakulić
Flyte	author	Angie Sage
The Trials of Nikki Hill	author	Christopher Darden and Dick Lochte
Facing Mount Kenya	author	Jomo Kenyatta
Insect Dreams: The Half Life of Gregor Samsa	author	Marc Estrin
My Life as a Man	author	Philip Roth
Mary	author	Vladimir Nabokov
Grey	author	Yoshihisa Tagami
Black Sunday	author	Thomas Harris
Launchpad	author	Canonical Ltd.
All the Shah's Men	author	Stephen Kinzer
Julie, or the New Heloise	author	Jean-Jacques Rousseau
The Sea	author	John Banville
Green Green	author	Noboru Yamaguchi
Scorpion Swamp	author	Steve Jackson
Tribes of Redwall Mice	author	Brian Jacques
Tribes of Redwall Badgers	author	Brian Jacques
The Richest Man in Babylon	author	George Samuel Clason
Falling Free	author	Lois McMaster Bujold
Sukisho	author	Riho Sawaki
Season of Migration to the North	author	Tayeb Salih
Threshold	author	David R. Palmer
Fantastic Children	author	Takashi Nakamura
Ysabel	author	Guy Gavriel Kay
The Heaven Makers	author	Frank Herbert
Inkspell	author	Cornelia Funke
Tom Brown at Oxford	author	Thomas Hughes
Vampire Science	author	Jonathan Blum and Kate Orman
Memories of the Ford Administration	author	John Updike
The Cat's Pajamas: Stories	author	Ray Bradbury
Aradia, or the Gospel of the Witches	author	Charles Godfrey Leland
Everything Bad Is Good for You	author	Steven Johnson
The Clue of the Broken Locket	author	Carolyn Keene
Hop on Pop	author	Dr. Seuss
WordPress.com	author	Automattic
Enemies, A Love Story	author	Isaac Bashevis Singer
Air Gear	author	Oh! great
Dying of the Light	author	George R. R. Martin
Castle to Castle	author	Louis-Ferdinand Céline
The Fortunes of Nigel	author	Sir Walter Scott
The First Man	author	Albert Camus
Eichmann in Jerusalem	author	Hannah Arendt
The Center of Winter	author	Marya Hornbacher
Matplotlib	author	John D. Hunter
Locus Solus	author	Raymond Roussel
Kizuna: Bonds of Love	author	Kazuma Kodaka
Profession	author	Isaac Asimov
Galatea 2.2	author	Richard Powers
Suzuka	author	Kōji Seo
Peter Duck	author	Arthur Ransome
British National Formulary for Children	author	British Medical Association, Royal Pharmaceutical Society of Great Britain, Royal College of Paediatrics and Child Health, and Neonatal and Paediatric Pharmacists Group
Rock and the Pop Narcotic	author	Joe Carducci
Caverns of the Snow Witch	author	Ian Livingstone
The Outsider	author	H. P. Lovecraft
Upcoming	author	Andy Baio, Gordon Luk, Leonard Lin
House of Hell	author	Steve Jackson
Rats Saw God	author	Rob Thomas
Seventh Victim	author	Robert Sheckley
The Reality Bug	author	D. J. MacHale
Off the Road	author	Carolyn Cassady
Sleeping Beauty	author	Ross Macdonald
The Code of the Woosters	author	P. G. Wodehouse
Nicolae	author	Tim LaHaye and Jerry B. Jenkins
Ten Kids, No Pets	author	Ann M. Martin
Airborn	author	Kenneth Oppel
Lizard	author	Banana Yoshimoto
Space Assassin	author	Andrew Chapman
The Hippopotamus	author	Stephen Fry
The English Constitution	author	Walter Bagehot
Zweites Buch	author	Adolf Hitler
The Way to Rainy Mountain	author	N. Scott Momaday
A Redwall Winter's Tale	author	Brian Jacques
An Economic Interpretation of the Constitution of the United States	author	Charles A. Beard
The Adventures of Mr. Nicholas Wisdom	author	Ignacy Krasicki
Samurai Executioner	author	Kazuo Koike
Ai Shite Knight	author	Kaoru Tada
Room Temperature	author	Nicholson Baker
Slow Man	author	J. M. Coetzee
The Lady Tasting Tea	author	David Salsburg
DSpace	author	MIT and HP Labs
A Graveyard for Lunatics	author	Ray Bradbury
Misty of Chincoteague	author	Marguerite Henry
Funes the Memorious	author	Jorge Luis Borges
The Fourth Estate	author	Jeffrey Archer
The Age of the Pussyfoot	author	Frederik Pohl
Design of Cities	author	Edmund Bacon
The Penultimate Peril	author	Lemony Snicket
The Silver Mistress	author	Peter O'Donnell
Under the Frog	author	Tibor Fischer
Between the Rivers	author	Harry Turtledove
The Tale of Despereaux	author	Kate DiCamillo
The Heart of the Serpent	author	Ivan Yefremov
The Bull's Hour	author	Ivan Yefremov
The Pickup	author	Nadine Gordimer
The Eagle	author	Jack Whyte
Stormy Weather	author	Carl Hiaasen
Seek: Reports from the Edges of America & Beyond	author	Denis Johnson
Fitzpatrick's War	author	Theodore Judson
The Master of Ballantrae	author	Robert Louis Stevenson
Looking for Jake	author	China Miéville
Confessions of an Ugly Stepsister	author	Gregory Maguire
A Certain Justice	author	P. D. James
The Autobiography of a Super-Tramp	author	W. H. Davies
13 Carat Diamond and Other Stories	author	Khin Myo Chit
The Adventures of Augie March	author	Saul Bellow
Speak, Memory	author	Vladimir Nabokov
Annuario Pontificio	author	Libreria Editrice Vaticana, Secretary of State
Fast Second	author	Paul Geroski and Constantinos Markides
Veniss Underground	author	Jeff VanderMeer
Call Me Joe	author	Poul Anderson
The Named	author	Marianne Curley
In God We Trust: All Others Pay Cash	author	Jean Shepherd
Beyond Apollo	author	Barry N. Malzberg
The Lake	author	Yasunari Kawabata
The Girl Who Chased Away Sorrow	author	Ann Turner
Illusions perdues	author	Honoré de Balzac
Rocheworld	author	Robert L. Forward
Chickenhawk	author	Robert Mason
Metallica: This Monster Lives	author	Joe Berlinger
Hot Gimmick	author	Miki Aihara
The Day of Creation	author	J. G. Ballard
The Ransom of Red Chief	author	O. Henry
Way of the Peaceful Warrior	author	Dan Millman
Mystery Mile	author	Margery Allingham
West with the Night	author	Beryl Markham
OpenStreetMap	author	Steve Coast
The Atlas of the Land	author	Karen Wynn Fonstad
The Ode Less Travelled	author	Stephen Fry
Diva	author	Daniel Odier
Strange Objects	author	Gary Crew
Who%3F	author	Algis Budrys
Space Ace	author	Tatsuo Yoshida
Roman Fever	author	Edith Wharton
The Whimper of Whipped Dogs	author	Harlan Ellison
The Strawberry Statement	author	James Simon Kunen
Where the Sidewalk Ends	author	Shel Silverstein
Cat and Mouse	author	Günter Grass
Studies on Hysteria	author	Sigmund Freud
The Crown of Dalemark	author	Diana Wynne Jones
Breath, Eyes, Memory	author	Edwidge Danticat
Rifles for Watie	author	Harold Keith
Mark Twain's	author	Mark Twain
Edgar & Ellen	author	Charles Ogden
Corrector Yui	author	Keiko Okamoto with Kia Asamiya
Corrector Yui	author	Kia Asamiya
Corrector Yui	author	Keiko Okamoto
Three Junes	author	Julia Glass
The Magic Labyrinth	author	Philip José Farmer
Secret Agent of Terra	author	John Brunner
Tales from the Empire	author	Timothy Zahn
Tales from the Empire	author	Kathy Tyers
Tales from the Empire	author	Patricia A. Jackson
Tales from the Empire	author	Michael A. Stackpole
Tales from the Empire	author	Laurie Burns
Tales from the Empire	author	Charlene Newcomb
Tales from the Empire	author	Tony Russo
Tales from the Empire	author	Angela Phillips
Tales from the Empire	author	Erin Endom
Mushishi	author	Yuki Urushibara
Feminism and Nationalism in the Third World	author	Kumari Jayawardena
The Vietnamese Gulag	author	Doan Van Toai, as told to Michel Voirol
The Vietnamese Gulag	author	Doan Van Toai
The Vietnamese Gulag	author	David Chanoff
Gods of Riverworld	author	Philip José Farmer
The Telling	author	Ursula K. Le Guin
The Death and Life of Great American Cities	author	Jane Jacobs
The Devil and Tom Walker	author	Washington Irving
Daniel Martin	author	John Fowles
The Alphabet of Manliness	author	Maddox
Forbidden Colors	author	Yukio Mishima
The Game: Penetrating the Secret Society of Pickup Artists	author	Neil Strauss
NOiSE	author	Tsutomu Nihei
Iceberg	author	Clive Cussler
My Life in the Bush of Ghosts	author	Amos Tutuola
The Ivory Trail	author	Victor Kelleher
William the Lawless	author	Richmal Crompton
Togainu no Chi	author	Kana Yamamoto
Togainu no Chi	author	Tatana Kana
Togainu no Chi	author	Suguro Chayamachi
A Memory of Light	author	Robert Jordan and Brandon Sanderson
The Aspern Papers	author	Henry James
Magyk	author	Angie Sage
Streams of Silver	author	R. A. Salvatore
The Halfling's Gem	author	R. A. Salvatore
A Berlin Republic	author	Jürgen Habermas
Bee Season	author	Myla Goldberg
Musnad Ahmad ibn Hanbal	author	Ahmad ibn Hanbal
The Collected Short Fiction of C. J. Cherryh	author	C. J. Cherryh
Designated Targets	author	John Birmingham
Confidence Men	author	Ron Suskind
Kōtarō Makaritōru!	author	Tatsuya Hiruta
Kōtarō Makaritōru!	author	Tatsuya Hiruta
Michelle Remembers	author	Lawrence Pazder & Michelle Smith
To Serve Man	author	Damon Knight
Colossus	author	Dennis Feltham Jones
Blubber	author	Judy Blume
New Oxford Book of Carols	author	Hugh Keyte
New Oxford Book of Carols	author	Andrew Parrott
The Great God Pan	author	Arthur Machen
De Legibus	author	Marcus Tullius Cicero
Malone Dies	author	Samuel Beckett
Kosala	author	Bhalchandra Nemade
The Scorpio Illusion	author	Robert Ludlum
A Dozen Tough Jobs	author	Howard Waldrop
Blood Follows	author	Steven Erikson
The Confidential Agent	author	Graham Greene
Brisingr	author	Christopher Paolini
Captain Underpants and the Attack of the Talking Toilets	author	Dav Pilkey
Captain Underpants and the Invasion...	author	Dav Pilkey
Captain Underpants and the Perilous Plot of Professor Poopypants	author	Dav Pilkey
Captain Underpants and the Wrath of the Wicked Wedgie Woman	author	Dav Pilkey
Captain Underpants and the Big, Bad Battle of the Bionic Booger Boy	author	Dav Pilkey
Stiff: The Curious Lives of Human Cadavers	author	Mary Roach
Quarantine	author	Jim Crace
Galax-Arena	author	Gillian Rubinstein
Hulk: The Manga	author	Kazuo Koike
Hulk: The Manga	author	Yukio Togawa
Zoenoffer	author	Pieter Aspe
The Hill of Dreams	author	Arthur Machen
Word Freak	author	Stefan Fatsis
Butterfly Economics	author	Paul Ormerod
Boyhood	author	Leo Tolstoy
I Know What You Need	author	Stephen King
The History of Henry Esmond	author	William Makepeace Thackeray
The Ledge	author	Stephen King
Ibong Adarna	author	José de la Cruz
Doctor Who and the Pescatons	author	Victor Pemberton
The Ghosts of N-Space	author	Barry Letts
Ground Defense Force! Mao-chan	author	Ken Akamatsu
No One Here Gets Out Alive	author	Jerry Hopkins
Outlander	author	Diana Gabaldon
The Last Rung on the Ladder	author	Stephen King
The Premature Burial	author	Edgar Allan Poe
Zia	author	Scott O'Dell
On Heroes and Tombs	author	Ernesto Sabato
The Fourth Network	author	Daniel M. Kimmel
Grimms' Fairy Tales	author	Jacob and Wilhelm Grimm
The Moneypenny Diaries: Guardian Angel	author	Samantha Weinberg
The Moneypenny Diaries: Guardian Angel	author	as \
Sensitive Pornograph	author	Ashika Sakura
Pure Trance	author	Junko Mizuno
Romulus, My Father	author	Raimond Gaita
Towards a Sociology of the Novel	author	Lucien Goldmann
The Sheep-Pig	author	Dick King-Smith
Juiced: Wild Times, Rampant 'Roids, Smash Hits & How Baseball Got Big	author	Jose Canseco
I Capture the Castle	author	Dodie Smith
Trojan Odyssey	author	Clive Cussler
Kamikaze Girls	author	Novala Takemoto
Kamikaze Girls	author	Yukio Kanesada
Kamikaze Girls	author	Novala Takemoto
Acidity	author	Nadeem F. Paracha
Little Boy Lost	author	Marghanita Laski
Wired	author	Bob Woodward
When Genius Failed	author	Roger Lowenstein
The King's Stilts	author	Dr. Seuss
The Seven Lady Godivas	author	Dr. Seuss
Scrambled Eggs Super!	author	Dr. Seuss
Bartholomew and the Oobleck	author	Dr. Seuss
If I Ran the Circus	author	Dr. Seuss
McElligot's Pool	author	Dr. Seuss
Happy Birthday to You!	author	Dr. Seuss
Dr. Seuss's Sleep Book	author	Dr. Seuss
I Had Trouble in Getting to Solla Sollew	author	Dr. Seuss
The Shape of Me and Other Stuff	author	Dr. Seuss
Did I Ever Tell You How Lucky You Are%3F	author	Dr. Seuss
The Cat's Quizzer	author	Dr. Seuss
Oh, the Thinks You Can Think!	author	Dr. Seuss
Oh Say Can You Say%3F	author	Dr. Seuss
I Can Read with My Eyes Shut!	author	Dr. Seuss
You're Only Old Once!	author	Dr. Seuss
Daisy-Head Mayzie	author	Dr. Seuss
The Counterplot	author	Hope Mirrlees
Chibi Vampire	author	Yuna Kagesaki
Chibi Vampire	author	Tohru Kai
The Wandering Jew	author	Eugène Sue
Auschwitz and After	author	Charlotte Delbo
Summerland	author	Michael Chabon
The Shadow Out of Time	author	H. P. Lovecraft
A Man for All Islands	author	Royston Ellis
The Beast Within	author	Edward Levy
The Whispering Statue	author	Carolyn Keene
Splendeurs et misères des courtisanes	author	Honoré de Balzac
Arthur Mervyn	author	Charles Brockden Brown
On Paradise Drive	author	David Brooks
Hinterlands	author	William Gibson
Felix Holt, the Radical	author	George Eliot
Which Lie Did I Tell%3F	author	William Goldman
War Game	author	Michael Foreman
Herland	author	Charlotte Perkins Gilman
Call It Sleep	author	Henry Roth
Dogsong	author	Gary Paulsen
Alta Vendita	author	Carbonari
The Truth	author	Al Franken
The Corner: A Year in the Life of an Inner-City Neighborhood	author	David Simon (writer) and Ed Burns
A Lover's Discourse: Fragments	author	Roland Barthes
Wall Around a Star	author	Frederik Pohl
Wall Around a Star	author	Jack Williamson
The Crime at Black Dudley	author	Margery Allingham
Saga of Cuckoo	author	Frederik Pohl
Saga of Cuckoo	author	Jack Williamson
Saga of Cuckoo	author	Jack Williamson
Summa Theologica	author	Thomas Aquinas
Now TV	author	Sky plc
Doc Savage: His Apocalyptic Life	author	Philip José Farmer
Stellaluna	author	Janell Cannon
The Merlin Conspiracy	author	Diana Wynne Jones
The Ambler Warning	author	Robert Ludlum
The Apocalypse Watch	author	Robert Ludlum
The Janson Directive	author	Robert Ludlum
King Thrushbeard	author	Brothers Grimm
When We Were Orphans	author	Kazuo Ishiguro
Hover Car Racer	author	Matthew Reilly
The Educated Mind	author	Kieran Egan
My Career Goes Bung	author	Miles Franklin
The African	author	J. M. G. Le Clézio
The Brightonomicon	author	Robert Rankin
Maniac Road	author	Shinsuke Kurihashi
Hangover Square	author	Patrick Hamilton
Blogcritics	author	Eric Olsen and Phillip Winn
PS, I Love You	author	Cecelia Ahern
Tunnels of Blood	author	Darren Shan
The Myth of Hitler's Pope	author	David G. Dalin
The True Confessions of Charlotte Doyle	author	Avi
Kimi no Kakera	author	Shin Takahashi
Mathilukal	author	Vaikom Muhammad Basheer
Direct Descent	author	Frank Herbert
The Stones of Venice	author	John Ruskin
One for the Road	author	Stephen King
The Aquitaine Progression	author	Robert Ludlum
Philosophy and the Mirror of Nature	author	Richard Rorty
Richter 10	author	Arthur C. Clarke and Mike McQuay
The Enemy of My Enemy	author	George Michael
The Roots of Coincidence	author	Arthur Koestler
Tommy's Tale	author	Alan Cumming
The Kandy-Kolored Tangerine-Flake Streamline Baby	author	Tom Wolfe
The Outsider	author	Richard Wright
Brothers	author	William Goldman
Gasaraki	author	Meimu
Castles Made of Sand	author	Gwyneth Jones
Cowl	author	Neal Asher
Another Fine Myth	author	Robert Lynn Asprin
More Flanimals	author	Ricky Gervais
Arch of Triumph	author	Erich Maria Remarque
Cancer Ward	author	Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn
Kamichu!	author	Hanaharu Naruko
In His Steps	author	Charles Sheldon
The Tolkien Reader	author	J. R. R. Tolkien
A Curtain of Green	author	Eudora Welty
Black Edelweiss	author	Johann Voss
Molon Labe!	author	Kenneth W. Royce
Midnight Lamp	author	Gwyneth Jones
Band of Gypsys	author	Gwyneth Jones
The Succession to Muhammad	author	Wilferd Madelung
The Big Nowhere	author	James Ellroy
Jarhead	author	Anthony Swofford
The Secret Texts	author	Holly Lisle
The Chosen	author	Ricardo Pinto
The Standing Dead	author	Ricardo Pinto
Tafsir al-Tabari	author	Muhammad ibn Jarir al-Tabari
IVillage	author	Candice Carpenter, Nancy Evans, Robert Levitan, and Tina Sharkey
The Apprentice	author	Scooter Libby
Hands Off!	author	Kasane Katsumoto
The Adulteress	author	Norah E. Dunn
LeechFTP	author	Jan Debis
Stargirl	author	Jerry Spinelli
An Old-Fashioned Girl	author	Louisa May Alcott
SpamBayes	author	Tim Peters
The Times Atlas of World History	author	Richard Overy
The Times Atlas of World History	author	Geoffrey Barraclough
The Red Room	author	August Strindberg
Al-Sunan al-Sughra	author	Al-Nasa'i
Stolen Lives: Twenty Years in a Desert Jail	author	Malika Oufkir
Fattypuffs and Thinifers	author	André Maurois
Invitation to a Beheading	author	Vladimir Nabokov
Augustinus	author	Cornelius Jansen
Julian	author	Gore Vidal
The Man	author	Irving Wallace
A Question of Upbringing	author	Anthony Powell
Oil!	author	Upton Sinclair
Tempest	author	Troy Denning
The Amulet of Samarkand	author	Jonathan Stroud
Eye in the Sky	author	Philip K. Dick
A Planet for the President	author	Alistair Beaton
Phenomenology of Perception	author	Maurice Merleau-Ponty
Abeng	author	Michelle Cliff
Dispatches	author	Michael Herr
The Number Devil	author	Hans Magnus Enzensberger
A Tourist Guide to Lancre	author	Terry Pratchett and Stephen Briggs
The Only Possible Argument in Support of a Demonstration of the Existence of God	author	Immanuel Kant
It's Not the End of the World	author	Judy Blume
The Life and Adventures of Santa Claus	author	L. Frank Baum
Paste	author	Henry James
Aunt Phillis's Cabin	author	Seth and Mary Eastman
Imadoki!	author	Yuu Watase
The People of Sparks	author	Jeanne DuPrau
The Boogeyman	author	Stephen King
Nine Lives	author	Ursula K. Le Guin
The Secret Sharer	author	Joseph Conrad
The Spellcoats	author	Diana Wynne Jones
Totem and Taboo	author	Sigmund Freud
Crossfire	author	Miyuki Miyabe
Lud-in-the-Mist	author	Hope Mirrlees
Black Projects, White Knights	author	Kage Baker
How Are We to Live%3F	author	Peter Singer
The History of the Saracens	author	Simon Ockley
A Stranger Is Watching	author	Mary Higgins Clark
Dagon	author	H. P. Lovecraft
A Memory of Murder	author	Ray Bradbury
The Unnamable	author	H.P. Lovecraft
The Nitrogen Fix	author	Hal Clement
Rogue Planet	author	Greg Bear
Tea from an Empty Cup	author	Pat Cadigan
Darth Maul: Shadow Hunter	author	Michael Reaves
The Forgotten Realms Atlas	author	Karen Wynn Fonstad
From Beyond	author	H.P. Lovecraft
The Technicolor Time Machine	author	Harry Harrison
In the Company of Heroes	author	Mike Durant
In the Company of Heroes	author	Steven Hartov
In the Company of Heroes	author	Mark Bowden
Legend of Zagor	author	Carl Sargent
Monument	author	Lloyd Biggle, Jr.
The Chessmen of Mars	author	Edgar Rice Burroughs
Higher Education	author	Charles Sheffield and Jerry Pournelle
The White Ship	author	H.P. Lovecraft
Varjak Paw	author	S. F. Said
John Inglesant	author	Joseph Henry Shorthouse
Rabbit Redux	author	John Updike
High Society	author	Ben Elton
Biomega	author	Tsutomu Nihei
Santorini	author	Alistair MacLean
Unlimited Power	author	Anthony Robbins
Jacking in to the Matrix Franchise	author	Matthew Kapell, William G. Doty
The Dark	author	Marianne Curley
The Rediscovery of Man	author	Cordwainer Smith
Doubt!!	author	Kaneyoshi Izumi
Happy Hustle High	author	Rie Takada
The Story of an Hour	author	Kate Chopin
Kekkaishi	author	Yellow Tanabe
Kare First Love	author	Kaho Miyasaka
The Last Ship	author	William Brinkley
The Deer and the Cauldron	author	Jin Yong
Seven Ancient Wonders	author	Matthew Reilly
The Golem's Eye	author	Jonathan Stroud
Ptolemy's Gate	author	Jonathan Stroud
The Land of Mist	author	Arthur Conan Doyle
Bombaiyer Bombete	author	Satyajit Ray
Water Is for Washing	author	Robert A. Heinlein
The Greatest Salesman in the World	author	Og Mandino
Daughter of the Lioness	author	Tamora Pierce
Mandingo	author	Kyle Onstott
All Families Are Psychotic	author	Douglas Coupland
Rock Springs	author	Richard Ford
The Woman in the Room	author	Stephen King
A Great Collection of Fabricated Traditions	author	Abu'l-Faraj ibn al-Jawzi
Expanded Universe	author	Robert A. Heinlein
Shadow Skill	author	Megumu Okada
The Scapegoat	author	Daphne du Maurier
Market Wizards	author	Jack D. Schwager
No Country for Old Men	author	Cormac McCarthy
Trials of Death	author	Darren O'Shaughnessy
Inquisition: The Persecution and Prosecution of the Reverend Sun Myung Moon	author	Carlton Sherwood
The Long Revolution	author	Raymond Williams
Soul Harvest	author	Tim LaHaye and Jerry B. Jenkins
Assassins	author	Tim LaHaye and Jerry B. Jenkins
The Indwelling	author	Tim LaHaye and Jerry B. Jenkins
The Remnant	author	Tim LaHaye and Jerry B. Jenkins
The Mark	author	Tim LaHaye and Jerry B. Jenkins
Armageddon	author	Tim LaHaye and Jerry B. Jenkins
Glorious Appearing	author	Tim LaHaye and Jerry B. Jenkins
The Rising	author	Tim LaHaye and Jerry B. Jenkins
The Rapture	author	Tim LaHaye and Jerry B. Jenkins
Waterland	author	Graham Swift
Tramps Like Us	author	Yayoi Ogawa
The Saffron Swastika	author	Koenraad Elst
Dangling Man	author	Saul Bellow
With the Old Breed	author	Eugene B. Sledge
The Rolling Stone Album Guide	author	Dave Marsh and John Swenson
The Rolling Stone Album Guide	author	Anthony DeCurtis and James Henke, with Holly George-Warren
The Rolling Stone Album Guide	author	Nathan Brackett with Christian Hoard
The Deceiver	author	Frederick Forsyth
Mrs. Spring Fragrance	author	Sui Sin Far
Security Analysis	author	Benjamin Graham and David Dodd
The Victim	author	Saul Bellow
Double or Die	author	Charlie Higson
The American Pageant	author	David M. Kennedy
The American Pageant	author	Lizabeth Cohen
The American Pageant	author	Thomas A. Bailey
Evening's Empire	author	David Herter
The Truth About Diamonds	author	Nicole Richie
The Story of Islamic Imperialism in India	author	Sita Ram Goel
The Calcutta Quran Petition	author	Sita Ram Goel, Chandmal Chopra
The Report on the Barnhouse Effect	author	Kurt Vonnegut
Gacha Gacha	author	Hiroyuki Tamakoshi
Roseanna	author	Maj Sjöwall and Per Wahlöö
The World According to Clarkson	author	Jeremy Clarkson
The Enchanted Castle	author	E. Nesbit
La Débâcle	author	Émile Zola
Invasion	author	Robin Cook
Operation Chaos	author	Poul Anderson
Monster Nation	author	David Wellington
The Confusions of Young Törless	author	Robert Musil
Monster Island	author	David Wellington
Murder in the Mews	author	Agatha Christie
The Children of the Company	author	Kage Baker
Shohola Falls	author	Michael Pearson
Raag Darbari	author	Sri Lal Sukla
HTML Tidy	author	Dave Raggett
La cuisine en dix minutes	author	Edouard de Pomiane
Majma al-Zawa'id	author	Ali ibn Abu Bakr al-Haythami
Shadow Lady	author	Masakazu Katsura
Drawing Blood	author	Poppy Z. Brite
The Burial at Thebes	author	Seamus Heaney
The Virtue of Selfishness	author	Ayn Rand
Ten Nights of Dreams	author	Natsume Sōseki
Myron	author	Gore Vidal
Dragonfly in Amber	author	Diana Gabaldon
Muhammad: A Biography of the Prophet	author	Karen Armstrong
Hart's Hope	author	Orson Scott Card
Taran Wanderer	author	Lloyd Alexander
The Castle of Llyr	author	Lloyd Alexander
The Autobiography of an Ex-Colored Man	author	James Weldon Johnson
A History of Christianity	author	Paul Johnson
Hot Sleep	author	Orson Scott Card
The Mysteries of Udolpho	author	Ann Radcliffe
The Phantom of Manhattan	author	Frederick Forsyth
A Fairy Tale of New York	author	J. P. Donleavy
Moldovan–Romanian dictionary	author	Vasile Stati
A Break with Charity	author	Ann Rinaldi
Hang a Thousand Trees with Ribbons	author	Ann Rinaldi
The Secret People	author	John Wyndham
L'Œuvre	author	Émile Zola
The Bible Unearthed	author	Israel Finkelstein and Neil Asher Silberman
Wm2	author	Chris Cannam
Beyond Civilization	author	Daniel Quinn
Race: The Reality of Human Difference	author	Vincent Sarich
Race: The Reality of Human Difference	author	Frank Miele
Jai Jagdish Hare	author	Shivananda
Class Reunion	author	Franz Werfel
Fax from Sarajevo	author	Joe Kubert
Hunter's Moon	author	Garry Kilworth
River of Eternity	author	Philip José Farmer
The Staircase	author	Ann Rinaldi
The Emperor Wears No Clothes	author	Jack Herer
Graveyard Shift	author	Stephen King
The Straight Mind and Other Essays	author	Monique Wittig
All the King's Horses	author	Kurt Vonnegut
Black Easter	author	James Blish
Darwin's Radio	author	Greg Bear
A Glimpse of Tiger	author	Herman Raucher
The Year of Magical Thinking	author	Joan Didion
The Master Mind of Mars	author	Edgar Rice Burroughs
Ylesia	author	Walter Jon Williams
Pushing Ice	author	Alastair Reynolds
Gamiani	author	Alfred de Musset
Thimble Summer	author	Elizabeth Enright
Tales from Silver Lands	author	Charles Finger
Ragnarok: The Age of Fire and Gravel	author	Ignatius L. Donnelly
The Recognitions	author	William Gaddis
A Dark Night's Passing	author	Shiga Naoya
Palm Sunday	author	Kurt Vonnegut
Fates Worse Than Death	author	Kurt Vonnegut
Lost Moon	author	Jim Lovell and Jeffrey Kluger
Robur the Conqueror	author	Jules Verne
The Planter's Northern Bride	author	Caroline Lee Hentz
Canary in a Cat House	author	Kurt Vonnegut
Deenie	author	Judy Blume
Belinda	author	Anne Rice
A Dweller on Two Planets	author	Frederick S. Oliver
In Search of a Concrete Music	author	Pierre Schaeffer
A Day with Wilbur Robinson	author	William Joyce
The Origin of the Family, Private Property and the State	author	Friedrich Engels
The Man Who Went Up in Smoke	author	Sjöwall and Wahlöö
LwIP	author	Adam Dunkels
The Book of Three	author	Lloyd Alexander
Auriol	author	William Harrison Ainsworth
JPod	author	Douglas Coupland
Moscow-Petushki	author	Venedict Yerofeyev
The Hamlet	author	William Faulkner
Lord Foul's Bane	author	Stephen R. Donaldson
On Narcissism	author	Sigmund Freud
What a Piece of Work I Am	author	Eric Kraft
The Festival	author	H. P. Lovecraft
A Complicated Kindness	author	Miriam Toews
The Slave Dancer	author	Paula Fox
The Secret Diary of Adrian Mole, Aged 13¾	author	Sue Townsend
London Labour and the London Poor	author	Henry Mayhew
Kydd	author	Julian Stockwin
News of a Kidnapping	author	Gabriel García Márquez
Mistress of Mistresses	author	Eric Rücker Eddison
A Fish Dinner in Memison	author	Eric Rücker Eddison
The Mezentian Gate	author	Eric Rücker Eddison
Retrocrush	author	Robert Berry
Kailashey Kelenkari	author	Satyajit Ray
World Digital Library	author	Library of Congress
Deathbird Stories	author	Harlan Ellison
Daggerspell	author	Katharine Kerr
Moses and Monotheism	author	Sigmund Freud
Ligeia	author	Edgar Allan Poe
Looking Back	author	Lois Lowry
The Rats of Hamelin	author	Adam McCune
The Rats of Hamelin	author	Keith McCune
Venus Wars	author	Yoshikazu Yasuhiko
Five Point Someone	author	Chetan Bhagat
The Lady in the Morgue	author	Jonathan Latimer
The Tenth Man	author	Graham Greene
Sword at Sunset	author	Rosemary Sutcliff
Flush	author	Carl Hiaasen
A Matter of Honour	author	Jeffrey Archer
The Silver Branch	author	Rosemary Sutcliff
The Rivers of Zadaa	author	D. J. MacHale
Moonchild	author	Aleister Crowley
The Wright 3	author	Blue Balliett
All I Really Need to Know I Learned in Kindergarten	author	Robert Fulghum
Prince of Foxes	author	Samuel Shellabarger
Call It Courage	author	Armstrong Sperry
1491: New Revelations of the Americas Before Columbus	author	Charles C. Mann
His Family	author	Ernest Poole
The Han Solo Adventures	author	Brian Daley
The Han Solo Trilogy	author	Ann C. Crispin
The Han Solo Trilogy	author	A.C. Crispin
Voss	author	Patrick White
Star Ocean: The Second Story	author	Mayumi Azuma
Variable Star	author	Robert A. Heinlein
Variable Star	author	Spider Robinson
The Road Virus Heads North	author	Stephen King
Lord of the Shadows	author	Darren Shan
The Alto Wore Tweed	author	Mark Schweizer
The Baritone Wore Chiffon	author	Mark Schweizer
The Tenor Wore Tapshoes	author	Mark Schweizer
Dirt Music	author	Tim Winton
The Island on Bird Street	author	Uri Orle.v
The Brief and Frightening Reign of Phil	author	George Saunders
To the Last Man	author	Jeffrey Shaara
Cryptid Hunters	author	Roland Smith
Drowned Wednesday	author	Garth Nix
The Spook's Apprentice	author	Joseph Delaney
Ice	author	Shane Johnson
The Ferguson Rifle	author	Louis L'Amour
The Witches of Karres	author	James H. Schmitz
Snow	author	Studio Mebius
Hardcore Zen	author	Brad Warner
How Hedley Hopkins Did a Dare	author	Paul Jennings
The Boy Who Followed Ripley	author	Patricia Highsmith
Halfway Across the Galaxy and Turn Left	author	Robin Klein
At All Costs	author	David Weber
The Light Bearer	author	Donna Gillespie
The Last Basselope	author	Berkeley Breathed
The Damnation of Theron Ware	author	Harold Frederic
Hanuman Chalisa	author	Tulsidas
Arthur & George	author	Julian Barnes
Lady Friday	author	Garth Nix
The Shame of the Cities	author	Lincoln Steffens
The Man on the Balcony	author	Sjöwall and Wahlöö
Night Probe!	author	Clive Cussler
Dragonquest	author	Anne McCaffrey
All the Weyrs of Pern	author	Anne McCaffrey
Absolute Boyfriend	author	Yuu Watase
The Chant of Jimmie Blacksmith	author	Thomas Keneally
The Battle of Dorking	author	George Tomkyns Chesney
The Travels of Jaimie McPheeters	author	Robert Lewis Taylor
The Realm of Possibility	author	David Levithan
Believe What You Like	author	C. H. Rolph
PVCS	author	Polytron
Kinderseele	author	Hermann Hesse
Miss Wyoming	author	Douglas Coupland
A Hazard of New Fortunes	author	William Dean Howells
The Haj	author	Leon Uris
No Promises in the Wind	author	Irene Hunt
Taro the Space Alien	author	Yasunari Nagatoshi
Burning Tower	author	Larry Niven and Jerry Pournelle
The Future of an Illusion	author	Sigmund Freud
Oldtown Folks	author	Harriet Beecher Stowe
Warday	author	Whitley Strieber and James Kunetka
Die Judenbuche	author	Annette von Droste-Hulshoff
The Four Elements of Architecture	author	Gottfried Semper
The Story of an African Farm	author	Olive Schreiner
Ghost in the Shell	author	Masamune Shirow
Ghost in the Shell	author	Masamune Shirow
The Invention of Solitude	author	Paul Auster
The Black Swan	author	Mercedes Lackey
Gollum browser	author	Harald Hanek
Dark Lord: The Rise of Darth Vader	author	James Luceno
Backup Exec	author	Maynard Electronics
Grand Canyon: A Different View	author	Tom Vail
The Border Legion	author	Zane Grey
Signal to Noise	author	Eric S. Nylund
The Yacoubian Building	author	Alaa Al Aswany
Book of Jin	author	Fang Xuanling et al
Prentice Alvin	author	Orson Scott Card
Jock of the Bushveld	author	James Percy FitzPatrick
My Dear Marie	author	Sakura Takeuchi
Zombie Hunter	author	Kazumasa Hirai
The Spiral Dance	author	Starhawk
The Assistant	author	Bernard Malamud
Goodbye to Berlin	author	Christopher Isherwood
The Berlin Stories	author	Christopher Isherwood
Pet Peeve	author	Piers Anthony
Scientologie, Wissenschaft von der Beschaffenheit und der Tauglichkeit des Wissens	author	Dr. Anastasius Nordenholz
Dog Soldiers	author	Robert Stone
Mama Flora's Family	author	Alex Haley
Increasing Student Achievement	author	David Grissmer
Juneteenth	author	Ralph Ellison
Sharpe's Havoc	author	Bernard Cornwell
Space Pirate Captain Harlock	author	Leiji Matsumoto
The Golden Notebook	author	Doris Lessing
Let the Circle Be Unbroken	author	Mildred D. Taylor
Westmark	author	Lloyd Alexander
Gaston de Blondeville	author	Ann Radcliffe
The Hollow Man	author	John Dickson Carr
The Man Who Loved Children	author	Christina Stead
Money	author	Martin Amis
Play It as It Lays	author	Joan Didion
The Sot-Weed Factor	author	John Barth
The Sportswriter	author	Richard Ford
The Ant Bully	author	John Nickle
Future Evolution	author	Peter Ward
Specimens of Bushman Folklore	author	Wilhelm H. I. Bleek and Lucy C. Lloyd
Rally Cry	author	William Forstchen
The Simoqin Prophecies	author	Samit Basu
The Manticore's Secret	author	Samit Basu
Die Brücke	author	Gregor Dorfmeister
Language, Truth, and Logic	author	A. J. Ayer
Sword Stained with Royal Blood	author	Jin Yong
Or Give Me Death	author	Ann Rinaldi
Jamaica Inn	author	Daphne du Maurier
My Pretty Pony	author	Stephen King
The Dawning Light	author	Robert Randall
Glass Mask	author	Suzue Miuchi
Summer of My German Soldier	author	Bette Greene
Star Wars: Darth Bane: Path of Destruction	author	Drew Karpyshyn
Buzzer Beater	author	Takehiko Inoue
Real	author	Takehiko Inoue
A Word Child	author	Iris Murdoch
Operating Manual for Spaceship Earth	author	Buckminster Fuller
Spell My Name with an S	author	Isaac Asimov
No God but God: The Origins, Evolution, and Future of Islam	author	Reza Aslan
The Final Solution	author	Michael Chabon
Werewolves in Their Youth	author	Michael Chabon
Fifty Degrees Below	author	Kim Stanley Robinson
Flyboys: A True Story of Courage	author	James Bradley
The Courage to Heal	author	Ellen Bass and Laura Davis
Life and Fate	author	Vasily Grossman
Fight! Iczer One	author	Arai Ren
Unearthed Arcana	author	Gary Gygax
Unearthed Arcana	author	Andy Collins, Jesse Decker, David Noonan, and Rich Redman
Heavy Weather	author	P. G. Wodehouse
After Many a Summer	author	Aldous Huxley
W, or the Memory of Childhood	author	Georges Perec
The Year's Best Fantasy Stories	author	Lin Carter
Gypsy Rizka	author	Lloyd Alexander
The Fifty Year Sword	author	Mark Z. Danielewski
Flight of Eagles	author	Jack Higgins
Vampire Game	author	Judal
A Nasty Story	author	Fyodor Dostoyevsky
The Kestrel	author	Lloyd Alexander
Voyager	author	Diana Gabaldon
Drums of Autumn	author	Diana Gabaldon
The Fiery Cross	author	Diana Gabaldon
A Breath of Snow and Ashes	author	Diana Gabaldon
O-Parts Hunter	author	Seishi Kishimoto
Legacy of the Jedi	author	Jude Watson
The Approaching Storm	author	Alan Dean Foster
Epistulae morales ad Lucilium	author	Seneca the Younger
A Tramp Abroad	author	Mark Twain
Secrets of the Jedi	author	Jude Watson
Boba Fett: The Fight to Survive	author	Terry Bisson
The American Scene	author	Henry James
Plowing the Dark	author	Richard Powers
Baoh	author	Hirohiko Araki
The Form of the Sword	author	Jorge Luis Borges
Nightmares in the Sky	author	Stephen King
Dark Watch	author	Clive Cussler and Jack Du Brul
A Strange Manuscript Found in a Copper Cylinder	author	James De Mille
Autumn Term	author	Antonia Forest
The Laughing Policeman	author	Sjöwall and Wahlöö
Confidential Confessions	author	Reiko Momochi
The Marlows and the Traitor	author	Antonia Forest
Falconer's Lure	author	Antonia Forest
Saint Leibowitz and the Wild Horse Woman	author	Walter M. Miller, Jr.
Saint Leibowitz and the Wild Horse Woman	author	Terry Bisson
End of Term	author	Antonia Forest
The Boarding House	author	James Joyce
The Restraint of Beasts	author	Magnus Mills
Transcendent	author	Stephen Baxter
Crispin: The Cross of Lead	author	Avi
Firestorm	author	David Sherman
Firestorm	author	Dan Cragg
An Encounter	author	James Joyce
Onslaught	author	David Sherman
A World of Hurt	author	David Sherman
A World of Hurt	author	Dan Cragg
Gulf Run	author	David Sherman
An Experiment in Criticism	author	C. S. Lewis
Star Quest	author	Dean Koontz
Outside Providence	author	Peter Farrelly
Mad in America	author	Robert Whitaker
Into the Land of the Unicorns	author	Bruce Coville
The Great War in England in 1897	author	William Le Queux
Lessons of the Masters	author	George Steiner
Illusions	author	Richard Bach
The Hermaphrodite	author	Julia Ward Howe
Master of the World	author	Jules Verne
Kipps	author	H. G. Wells
The Snow Papers	author	Richard Smart
In the Forests of the Night	author	Amelia Atwater-Rhodes
The It Girl	author	Anonymous ghostwriter for Cecily von Ziegesar
Abel's Island	author	William Steig
Tatooine Ghost	author	Troy Denning
The Phish Companion	author	Mockingbird Foundation
9rules	author	
9rules	author	
9rules	author	usabilityworks.org
9rules	author	
The Mint	author	T. E. Lawrence
Mansfield Park	author	Jane Austen
Sahara	author	Clive Cussler
Midnight Cowboy	author	James Leo Herlihy
Read or Dream	author	Hideyuki Kurata
The World's Desire	author	H. Rider Haggard and Andrew Lang
Chthon	author	Piers Anthony
Steel Bank Common Lisp	author	Forked by William Newman from CMUCL
Vendetta for the Saint	author	Harry Harrison
The Valley of the Lost	author	Jennifer Rowe
Return to Del	author	Jennifer Rowe
The Maze of the Beast	author	Jennifer Rowe
Hunger	author	Knut Hamsun
Mysteries	author	Knut Hamsun
Get in the Van	author	Henry Rollins
Islamic Government: Governance of the Jurist	author	Ruhollah Khomeini; translated by Hamid Algar
Jedi Apprentice: Deceptions	author	Jude Watson
Roderick Hudson	author	Henry James
The Year of Our War	author	Steph Swainston
No Present Like Time	author	Steph Swainston
Nodame Cantabile	author	Tomoko Ninomiya
Howards End	author	E. M. Forster
Molloy	author	Samuel Beckett
The Unnamable	author	Samuel Beckett
JoBlo.com	author	Berge Garabedian
The Kempton-Wace Letters	author	Jack London
The Kempton-Wace Letters	author	Anna Strunsky
The Changing Land	author	Roger Zelazny
A Shadow on the Glass	author	Ian Irvine
Open Sources: Voices from the Open Source Revolution	author	Chris DiBona, Sam Ockman, Mark Stone, Brian Behlendorf, Scott Bradner, Jim Hamerly, Marshall Kirk McKusick, Tim O'Reilly, Tom Paquin, Bruce Perens, Eric Raymond, Richard Stallman, Michael Tiemann, Linus Torvalds, Paul Vixie, Larry Wall, and Bob Young
Sharpe's Tiger	author	Bernard Cornwell
Sharpe's Triumph	author	Bernard Cornwell
Sharpe's Fortress	author	Bernard Cornwell
The Garden of Unearthly Delights	author	Robert Rankin
The Stories of Ray Bradbury	author	Ray Bradbury
Sharpe's Eagle	author	Bernard Cornwell
The American	author	Henry James
Sharpe's Rifles	author	Bernard Cornwell
Sharpe's Trafalgar	author	Bernard Cornwell
Sharpe's Prey	author	Bernard Cornwell
The Hollow Chocolate Bunnies of the Apocalypse	author	Robert Rankin
The Witches of Chiswick	author	Robert Rankin
Point of Impact	author	Stephen Hunter
Pale Horse Coming	author	Stephen Hunter
Tara Road	author	Maeve Binchy
Washington Square	author	Henry James
Well-Schooled in Murder	author	Elizabeth George
Rally Point	author	David Sherman
A Little Tour in France	author	Henry James
Starship Operators	author	Ryo Mizuno
Peter and the Starcatchers	author	Dave Barry
Peter and the Starcatchers	author	Ridley Pearson
Lungbarrow	author	Marc Platt
Ramona the Pest	author	Beverly Cleary
Itsudatte My Santa!	author	Ken Akamatsu
Fist of the Blue Sky	author	Tetsuo Hara
Fist of the Blue Sky	author	Buronson
Lucy Crown	author	Irwin Shaw
The Princess Casamassima	author	Henry James
Lost Laysen	author	Margaret Mitchell
Lost Laysen	author	edited by Debra Freer
The Bostonians	author	Henry James
First to Fight	author	Dan Cragg and David Sherman
Reefer Madness	author	Larry Sloman
Reefer Madness	author	Eric Schlosser
Blackstone Chronicles	author	John Saul
Three to Get Deadly	author	Janet Evanovich
Two for the Dough	author	Janet Evanovich
One for the Money	author	Janet Evanovich
Into the Mouth of the Cat	author	Malcolm McConnell
The Tain	author	China Miéville
The Star Diaries	author	Stanisław Lem
The Second Scroll	author	A. M. Klein
The Ancestor Cell	author	Peter Anghelides and Stephen Cole
Obasan	author	Joy Kogawa
Clérambault	author	Romain Rolland
Incendiary	author	Chris Cleave
Black Dogs	author	Ian McEwan
If Not Now, When%3F	author	Primo Levi
The Tragic Muse	author	Henry James
Esperanza Rising	author	Pam Muñoz Ryan
The Mayne Inheritance	author	Rosamond Siemon
Who Are We%3F The Challenges to America's National Identity	author	Samuel P. Huntington
The Universal Baseball Association, Inc., J. Henry Waugh, Prop.	author	Robert Coover
Active Liberty	author	Stephen Breyer
Hannah's Gift: Lessons from a Life Fully Lived	author	Maria Housden
The Disaster Area	author	J. G. Ballard
The Shrouded Planet	author	Robert Randall
Gpl-violations.org	author	Harald Welte
Gemini Knives	author	Hidefumi Kimura
The Spoils of Poynton	author	Henry James
The Dungeon Master	author	William Dear
The Last Light of the Sun	author	Guy Gavriel Kay
Hell.com	author	Kenneth Aronson
The Geography of Nowhere	author	James Howard Kunstler
Arabella	author	Georgette Heyer
The Grand Sophy	author	Georgette Heyer
The Foundling	author	Georgette Heyer
Sprig Muslin	author	Georgette Heyer
Sylvester, or the Wicked Uncle	author	Georgette Heyer
Bath Tangle	author	Georgette Heyer
The Masqueraders	author	Georgette Heyer
Beauvallet	author	Georgette Heyer
Powder and Patch	author	Georgette Heyer
The Dante Club	author	Matthew Pearl
Skinny Legs and All	author	Tom Robbins
The Chinese Language: Fact and Fantasy	author	John DeFrancis
Aline and Valcour	author	Marquis de Sade
Tintorettor Jishu	author	Satyajit Ray
Destiny's Road	author	Larry Niven
Heaven's Reach	author	David Brin
Las armas secretas	author	Julio Cortázar
What Maisie Knew	author	Henry James
Star Trek: The Motion Picture	author	Gene Roddenberry
Mission to Horatius	author	Mack Reynolds
Chesapeake	author	James A. Michener
Paradise	author	Toni Morrison
The Sketch Book of Geoffrey Crayon, Gent.	author	Washington Irving
María	author	Jorge Isaacs
Ladder of Years	author	Anne Tyler
The Green Ray	author	Jules Verne
Chander Pahar	author	Bibhutibhushan Bandopadhyay
The Negotiator	author	Frederick Forsyth
HaJaBaRaLa	author	Sukumar Ray
Abol Tabol	author	Sukumar Ray
Spock Must Die!	author	James Blish
In the Cage	author	Henry James
Changing Planes	author	Ursula K. Le Guin
Nova Scotia: New Scottish Speculative Fiction	author	Edited by Andrew J. Wilson and Neil Williamson
The Feast of All Saints	author	Anne Rice
Beyond This Place	author	A. J. Cronin
Spock, Messiah!	author	Theodore R. Cogswell
Spock, Messiah!	author	Charles A. Spano, Jr.
Planet of Judgment	author	Joe Haldeman
Gridiron	author	Philip Kerr
GeaBios	author	Academa
The Blue Sword	author	Robin McKinley
The Magnificent Ambersons	author	Booth Tarkington
A Tale of Two Cities	author	Charles Dickens
Plain Truth	author	Jodi Picoult
Winds of Change	author	Mercedes Lackey
Jar City	author	Arnaldur Indriðason
Silence of the Grave	author	Arnaldur Indriðason
The Hacker Crackdown	author	Bruce Sterling
The Sacred Fount	author	Henry James
Thinner	author	Stephen King
The Fly	author	George Langelaan
The Famished Road	author	Ben Okri
Peace Breaks Out	author	John Knowles
Stages on Life's Way	author	Søren Kierkegaard
B't X	author	Masami Kurumada
Being Digital	author	Nicholas Negroponte
Fazail-e-Amaal	author	Muhammad Zakariya Kandhlawi
Vivekachudamani	author	Attributed to Adi Shankara
Appointment with F.E.A.R.	author	Steve Jackson
Sassinak	author	Anne McCaffrey and
Sassinak	author	Elizabeth Moon
Drummer Hoff	author	Barbara Emberley
Crystal Singer	author	Anne McCaffrey
Victoria	author	Knut Hamsun
Cloud, Castle, Lake	author	Vladimir Nabokov
The Ghost from the Grand Banks	author	Arthur C. Clarke
Elantris	author	Brandon Sanderson
Al Capone Does My Shirts	author	Gennifer Choldenko
The Jigsaw Man	author	Larry Niven
Journal of a Sad Hermaphrodite	author	Michael de Larrabeiti
Alichino	author	Kouyu Shurei
English Hours	author	Henry James
Linda Condon	author	Joseph Hergesheimer
Badenheim 1939	author	Aharon Appelfeld
The Tactful Saboteur	author	Frank Herbert
Following the Equator	author	Mark Twain
London Plan	author	Mayor of London
Alamut series	author	Judith Tarr
Cocaine: An Unauthorized Biography	author	Dominic Streatfeild
God in the Dock	author	C. S. Lewis
Creation	author	Gore Vidal
Hurricane Gold	author	Charlie Higson
Watch and Ward	author	Henry James
Confidence	author	Henry James
Nothing Lasts Forever	author	Roderick Thorp
Concluding Unscientific Postscript to Philosophical Fragments	author	Søren Kierkegaard
Killobyte	author	Piers Anthony
Holidays on Ice	author	David Sedaris
David Elginbrod	author	George MacDonald
At the Back of the North Wind	author	George MacDonald
Straight and Crooked Thinking	author	Robert H. Thouless
Aunts Aren't Gentlemen	author	P. G. Wodehouse
Mike	author	P. G. Wodehouse
Ludwig Kakumei	author	Kaori Yuki
Ludwig Kakumei	author	Kaori Yuki
Psmith in the City	author	P. G. Wodehouse
Psmith, Journalist	author	P. G. Wodehouse
The Mansion	author	William Faulkner
Tokumei Kakarichō Tadano Hitoshi	author	Kimio Yanagisawa
Orientalism	author	Edward W. Saïd
The Reverberator	author	Henry James
The Other House	author	Henry James
Hollywood	author	Charles Bukowski
Dance Dance Dance	author	Haruki Murakami
Easy Riders, Raging Bulls	author	Peter Biskind
Clovis Dardentor	author	Jules Verne
The Head of Kay's	author	P. G. Wodehouse
Love Among the Chickens	author	P. G. Wodehouse
The Miracle of the Rose	author	Jean Genet
Conversations in Sicily	author	Elio Vittorini
The Prince and Betty	author	P. G. Wodehouse
Land Beyond the Map	author	Kenneth Bulmer
The Outcry	author	Henry James
Cycle of Nemesis	author	Kenneth Bulmer
Death and the Penguin	author	Andrey Kurkov
Teacher Man	author	Frank McCourt
Football Outsiders	author	Aaron Schatz
Iriya no Sora, UFO no Natsu	author	Mizuhito Akiyama
The Parafaith War	author	L. E. Modesitt, Jr.
Christ the Lord: Out of Egypt	author	Anne Rice
The Ivory Tower	author	Henry James
Riceyman Steps	author	Arnold Bennett
The Sense of the Past	author	Henry James
Xrdb	author	Jim Gettys
Jacob the Liar	author	Jurek Becker
Bellefleur	author	Joyce Carol Oates
Touched with Fire	author	Kay Redfield Jamison
Ship of Fools	author	Richard Paul Russo
The Swoop!	author	P. G. Wodehouse
A Gentleman of Leisure	author	P. G. Wodehouse
Introduction to Algorithms	author	Thomas H. Cormen
Introduction to Algorithms	author	Charles E. Leiserson
Introduction to Algorithms	author	Ron Rivest
Introduction to Algorithms	author	Clifford Stein
The Little Nugget	author	P. G. Wodehouse
Europe	author	Henry James
Piccadilly Jim	author	P. G. Wodehouse
The Jolly Corner	author	Henry James
Violin	author	Anne Rice
Mrs. Kimble	author	Jennifer Haigh
The Lorax	author	Dr. Seuss
In the Heart of the Sea	author	Nathaniel Philbrick
A Christmas Tree and a Wedding	author	Fyodor Dostoyevsky
Brazilian Adventure	author	Peter Fleming
Meyebela, My Bengali Girlhood	author	Taslima Nasrin
Street Fighter II	author	Masaomi Kanzaki
Italian Hours	author	Henry James
Vulcan!	author	Kathleen Sky
To Outrun Doomsday	author	Kenneth Bulmer
Strega Nona	author	Tomie dePaola
The Hound of Death	author	Agatha Christie
The Big Bounce	author	Elmore Leonard
Tales of the Bounty Hunters	author	Kevin J. Anderson
Tales of the Bounty Hunters	author	Dave Wolverton
Tales of the Bounty Hunters	author	Kathy Tyers
Tales of the Bounty Hunters	author	M. Shayne Bell
Tales of the Bounty Hunters	author	Daniel Keys Moran
Tales from the Mos Eisley Cantina	author	Tom Veitch
Tales from the Mos Eisley Cantina	author	Martha Veitch
Tales from the Mos Eisley Cantina	author	Daniel Keys Moran
Tales from the Mos Eisley Cantina	author	Barbara Hambly
Tales from the Mos Eisley Cantina	author	Ann C. Crispin
Tales from the Mos Eisley Cantina	author	Dave Wolverton
Tales from the Mos Eisley Cantina	author	Kathy Tyers
Tales from the Mos Eisley Cantina	author	M. Shayne Bell
Tales from the New Republic	author	Chris Cassidy
Tales from the New Republic	author	Tish Pahl
Tales from the New Republic	author	Timothy Zahn
Tales from the New Republic	author	Michael A. Stackpole
Tales from the New Republic	author	Patricia A. Jackson
Tales from Jabba's Palace	author	Kevin J. Anderson
Tales from Jabba's Palace	author	Barbara Hambly
Tales from Jabba's Palace	author	Esther M. Friesner
Tales from Jabba's Palace	author	Kathy Tyers
Tales from Jabba's Palace	author	Mark Budz
Tales from Jabba's Palace	author	Timothy Zahn
Tales from Jabba's Palace	author	William F. Wu
Tales from Jabba's Palace	author	Kenneth C. Flint
Tales from Jabba's Palace	author	Deborah Wheeler
Tales from Jabba's Palace	author	John Gregory Betancourt
Tales from Jabba's Palace	author	M. Shayne Bell
Tales from Jabba's Palace	author	George Alec Effinger
Tales from Jabba's Palace	author	Judith Reeves-Stevens
Tales from Jabba's Palace	author	Garfield Reeves-Stevens
Tales from Jabba's Palace	author	Dave Wolverton
Tales from Jabba's Palace	author	Daryl F. Mallett
Tales from Jabba's Palace	author	Jennifer Roberson
Tales from Jabba's Palace	author	Dan'l Danehy-Oakes
Tales from Jabba's Palace	author	Daniel Keys Moran
Tales from Jabba's Palace	author	Ann C. Crispin
Old Boy	author	Garon Tsuchiya
Transit to Scorpio	author	Kenneth Bulmer
Balthasar's Odyssey	author	Amin Maalouf
Robot Visions	author	Isaac Asimov
French Poets and Novelists	author	Henry James
Hawthorne	author	Henry James
PopCo	author	Scarlett Thomas
Gene Wolfe's Book of Days	author	Gene Wolfe
The Lighthouse	author	P. D. James
The Fifth Head of Cerberus	author	Gene Wolfe
The Outsider	author	Colin Wilson
DisneyWar	author	James B. Stewart
Yaban	author	Yakup Kadri Karaosmanoğlu
Partial Portraits	author	Henry James
Essays in London and Elsewhere	author	Henry James
Knives in the Night	author	David Sherman
The Daughter of Time	author	Josephine Tey
Crocodile on the Sandbank	author	Elizabeth Peters
Hart-Davis Letters	author	George Lyttelton and Rupert Hart-Davis
The Adventures of Alyx	author	Joanna Russ
Notes on Novelists	author	Henry James
A Small Boy and Others	author	Henry James
A Summer Place	author	Sloan Wilson
Out of the Fire	author	David Sherman
Main Force Assault	author	David Sherman
A Rock and a Hard Place	author	David Sherman
Charlie Don't Live Here Anymore	author	David Sherman
A Nghu Night Falls	author	David Sherman
Flashfire	author	David Sherman
Flashfire	author	Dan Cragg
Dans l'enfer des tournantes	author	Samira Bellil
Go.com	author	Disney Interactive
Beggarman, Thief	author	Irwin Shaw
Steel Gauntlet	author	David Sherman
Steel Gauntlet	author	Dan Cragg
School of Fire	author	David Sherman
School of Fire	author	Dan Cragg
Blood Contact	author	Dan Cragg
Blood Contact	author	David Sherman
Hangfire	author	Dan Cragg
Hangfire	author	David Sherman
Kingdom's Fury	author	David Sherman
Kingdom's Fury	author	Dan Cragg
TechnoKill	author	Dan Cragg
TechnoKill	author	David Sherman
Kingdom's Swords	author	Dan Cragg
Kingdom's Swords	author	David Sherman
Lazarus Rising	author	David Sherman
Lazarus Rising	author	Dan Cragg
Star Wars: The Last of the Jedi	author	Jude Watson
The Squad	author	David Sherman
Jedi Trial	author	David Sherman
Jedi Trial	author	Dan Cragg
E4M	author	Paul Le Roux
Notes of a Son and Brother	author	Henry James
The Middle Years	author	Henry James
Dot and Tot of Merryland	author	L. Frank Baum
Idiots in the Machine	author	Edward Savio
Science of Survival	author	Lafayette Ronald Hubbard
Tokyo Underground	author	Akinobu Uraku
Pillar of Fire	author	Judith Tarr
Two Lives	author	Vikram Seth
Studies in Classic American Literature	author	D.H. Lawrence
Theatricals: Second Series	author	Henry James
Theatricals	author	Henry James
The Red Tent	author	Anita Diamant
The Leap	author	Jonathan Stroud
Buried Fire	author	Jonathan Stroud
Tooth and Claw	author	Jo Walton
UFO Baby	author	Mika Kawamura
The Gatekeeper	author	Christopher Golden
The Gatekeeper	author	Nancy Holder
The Gatekeeper	author	Christopher Golden and Nancy Holder
The Orchid Thief	author	Susan Orlean
Eerie Queerie!	author	Shuri Shiozu
For Want of a Nail	author	Robert Sobel
Desert Coral	author	Wataru Murayama
Worlds	author	Eric Flint
The Key to Theosophy	author	Helena Blavatsky
Lisey's Story	author	Stephen King
Emergent	author	Carnegie Mellon University
Cell	author	Stephen King
An Essay on the Principle of Population	author	Thomas Robert Malthus
Ah My Buddha	author	Toshinori Sogabe
Ah My Buddha	author	Bohemian K
801 T.T.S. Airbats	author	Shimizu Toshimitsu
The No. 1 Ladies' Detective Agency	author	Alexander McCall Smith
Arion	author	Yoshikazu Yasuhiko
Agatha Christie's Great Detectives Poirot and Marple	author	Yukiyoshi Oohashi
Agatha Christie's Great Detectives Poirot and Marple	author	Syouji Yonemura
From Nine to Nine	author	Leo Perutz
Jihad: The Trail of Political Islam	author	Gilles Kepel
The Watch That Ends the Night	author	Hugh MacLennan
How to Make Love Like a Porn Star	author	Jenna Jameson with Neil Strauss
Only the Ring Finger Knows	author	Satoru Kannagi
Spud	author	John van de Ruit
William Wetmore Story and His Friends	author	Henry James
John Henry	author	Roark Bradford
Picture and Text	author	Henry James
The Honorary Consul	author	Graham Greene
Joseph Smith: Rough Stone Rolling	author	Richard L. Bushman
Mormon Enigma	author	Linda King Newell and Valeen Tippetts Avery
David O. McKay and the Rise of Modern Mormonism	author	Gregory Prince and Wm. Robert Wright
An Insider's View of Mormon Origins	author	Grant H. Palmer
We Were the Mulvaneys	author	Joyce Carol Oates
I Know This Much Is True	author	Wally Lamb
A ZBC of Ezra Pound	author	Christine Brooke-Rose
Assemble Insert	author	Masami Yuki
Space.com	author	Lou Dobbs
After the quake	author	Haruki Murakami
Black Magic	author	Masamune Shirow
Shape extension	author	X.Org Foundation
Guru Guru Pon-chan	author	Satomi Ikezawa
Then Again, Maybe I Won't	author	Judy Blume
Notes of a Native Son	author	James Baldwin
Cannery Row	author	John Steinbeck
Mr Noon	author	D. H. Lawrence
The Occult: A History	author	Colin Wilson
Seedling	author	Laurence James
Guard of Honor	author	James Gould Cozzens
Episodes of the Cuban Revolutionary War	author	Ernesto %22Che%22 Guevara
Garden of Kama	author	Adela Florence Nicolson
All the Names	author	José Saramago
A History of the Devil	author	Gerald Messadié
Concrete Mathematics	author	Ronald Graham, Donald Knuth, and Oren Patashnik
The Privileged Planet	author	Guillermo Gonzalez and Jay Richards
Dragonflame	author	Graham Edwards
Dragonstorm	author	Graham Edwards
Stone and Sky	author	Graham Edwards
Stone and Sea	author	Graham Edwards
Stone and Sun	author	Graham Edwards
Black Alice	author	Thom Demijohn
The Lives of Christopher Chant	author	Diana Wynne Jones
Like Water for Chocolate	author	Laura Esquivel
Realmspace	author	Dale %22Slade%22 Henson
Rainbows End	author	Vernor Vinge
Jack's Return Home	author	Ted Lewis
Angel novel)	author	Nancy Holder
Angel novel)	author	Jeff Mariotte
Spike and Dru: Pretty Maids All in a Row	author	Christopher Golden
Seven Crows	author	John Vornholt
Angel novel)	author	Nancy Holder
Angel novel)	author	Christopher Golden
Angel novel)	author	Thomas E. Sniegoski
Time's Arrow, Time's Cycle	author	Stephen Jay Gould
Halloween Rain	author	Christopher Golden
Halloween Rain	author	Nancy Holder
Night of the Living Rerun	author	Arthur Byron Cover
Coyote Moon	author	John Vornholt
Blooded	author	Christopher Golden
Blooded	author	Nancy Holder
Child of the Hunt	author	Christopher Golden
Child of the Hunt	author	Nancy Holder
Immortal	author	Nancy Holder
Doomsday Deck	author	Diana G. Gallagher
Revenant	author	Mel Odom
Prime Evil	author	Diana G. Gallagher
Visitors	author	Laura Anne Gilman and Josepha Sherman
Resurrecting Ravana	author	Ray Garton
The Evil That Men Do	author	Nancy Holder
Obsidian Fate	author	Diana G. Gallagher
Unnatural Selection	author	Mel Odom
Return to Chaos	author	Craig Shaw Gardner
Power of Persuasion	author	Elizabeth Massie
Paleo	author	Yvonne Navarro
Sins of the Father	author	Christopher Golden
Here Be Monsters	author	Cameron Dokey
Deep Water	author	Laura Anne Gilman
Deep Water	author	Josepha Sherman
The Book of Fours	author	Nancy Holder
Crossings	author	Mel Odom
Sweet Sixteen	author	Scott Ciencin
Tempted Champions	author	Yvonne Navarro
Little Things	author	Rebecca Moesta
These Our Actors	author	Ashley McConnell and Dori Koogler
Oz: Into the Wild	author	Christopher Golden
The Lost Slayer	author	Christopher Golden
Wisdom of War	author	Christopher Golden
Apocalypse Memories	author	Laura J. Burns and Melinda Metz
Mortal Fear	author	Scott Ciencin and Denise Ciencin
Fushigiboshi no Futagohime	author	Mayuki Anan
The Man of Feeling	author	Henry Mackenzie
Non-Stop	author	Brian Aldiss
The Starlight Barking	author	Dodie Smith
The Penultimate Truth	author	Philip K. Dick
A Virtuous Woman	author	Kaye Gibbons
Haikara-san ga Tōru	author	Waki Yamato
Songs in Ordinary Time	author	Mary McGarry Morris
The Rapture of Canaan	author	Sheri Reynolds
Stones from the River	author	Ursula Hegi
She's Come Undone	author	Wally Lamb
Where the Heart Is	author	Billie Letts
The Heart of a Woman	author	Maya Angelou
Midwives	author	Chris Bohjalian
What Looks Like Crazy on an Ordinary Day	author	Pearl Cleage
Black and Blue	author	Anna Quindlen
Here on Earth	author	Alice Hoffman
A Map of the World	author	Jane Hamilton
River, Cross My Heart	author	Breena Clarke
Vinegar Hill	author	A. Manette Ansay
Mother of Pearl	author	Melinda Haynes
The Pilot's Wife	author	Anita Shreve
Drowning Ruth	author	Christina Schwarz
While I Was Gone	author	Sue Miller
Back Roads	author	Tawni O'Dell
Daughter of Fortune	author	Isabel Allende
Gap Creek	author	Robert R. Morgan
Icy Sparks	author	Gwyn Hyman Rubio
The Book of Ruth	author	Jane Hamilton
The Witching Hour	author	Anne Rice
A Wind Named Amnesia	author	Hideyuki Kikuchi
Avalon High	author	Meg Cabot
The Aquariums of Pyongyang	author	Kang Chol-hwan
The Aquariums of Pyongyang	author	Pierre Rigoulot
The Train to Lo Wu	author	Jess Row
¡Que viva la música!	author	Andrés Caicedo
The Hounds of the Morrigan	author	Pat O'Shea
Thoughts on the True Estimation of Living Forces	author	Immanuel Kant
MSN Games	author	MSN, Microsoft
Baki the Grappler	author	Keisuke Itagaki
Moab Is My Washpot	author	Stephen Fry
Starzinger	author	Leiji Matsumoto
Violence Jack	author	Go Nagai
Violence Jack	author	Yasutaka Nagai
Violence Jack	author	Tatsuhiko Dan
Mandela: The Authorised Biography	author	Anthony Sampson
The Diary of a Chambermaid	author	Octave Mirbeau
Blackwater	author	Conn Iggulden
The Death of Kings	author	Conn Iggulden
Alamut	author	Vladimir Bartol
Glas	author	Jacques Derrida
So You Want to Be a Wizard	author	Diane Duane
Shakotan Boogie	author	Michiharu Kusunoki
The Monks of Thelema	author	Walter Besant
The Monks of Thelema	author	James Rice
The Night Manager	author	John le Carré
The Feeling of Power	author	Isaac Asimov
A Woman of the Iron People	author	Eleanor Arnason
The Gentle Vultures	author	Isaac Asimov
All Men Are Mortal	author	Simone de Beauvoir
Kiteretsu Daihyakka	author	Fujiko Fujio
Brave Story	author	Miyuki Miyabe
Brave Story	author	Miyuki Miyabe
The Devil and Miss Prym	author	Paulo Coelho
Off on a Comet	author	Jules Verne
Uneasy Money	author	P. G. Wodehouse
The Coming of Bill	author	P. G. Wodehouse
A Damsel in Distress	author	P. G. Wodehouse
Chobits	author	Clamp
An Accidental Cowboy	author	Jameson Parker
Smartbomb: The Quest for Art, Entertainment, and Big Bucks in the Videogame Revolution	author	*
Smartbomb: The Quest for Art, Entertainment, and Big Bucks in the Videogame Revolution	author	Heather Chaplin
Smartbomb: The Quest for Art, Entertainment, and Big Bucks in the Videogame Revolution	author	Aaron Ruby
Anti-Semite and Jew	author	Jean-Paul Sartre
Saint Seiya Episode.G	author	Megumu Okada
Saint Seiya Episode.G	author	Megumu Okada
The Metaphysics of Morals	author	Immanuel Kant
Concepts, Techniques, and Models of Computer Programming	author	Peter Van Roy
Concepts, Techniques, and Models of Computer Programming	author	Seif Haridi
The Merry Adventures of Robin Hood	author	Howard Pyle
Stark	author	Ben Elton
S,M,L,XL	author	Rem Koolhaas
S,M,L,XL	author	Bruce Mau
Catch the Lightning	author	Catherine Asaro
Spherical Harmonic	author	Catherine Asaro
The Lion, the Fox & the Eagle	author	Carol Off
God's Bits of Wood	author	Ousmane Sembène
Green Henry	author	Gottfried Keller
Killing Yourself to Live: 85%25 of a True Story	author	Chuck Klosterman
The Singing Bell	author	Isaac Asimov
Labyrinth	author	Kate Mosse
The Deviant Strain	author	Justin Richards
Only Human	author	Gareth Roberts
Achieving Our Country	author	Richard Rorty
Nine.com.au	author	Nine Entertainment Co.
Nine.com.au	author	Microsoft
A Salty Piece of Land	author	Jimmy Buffett
Building Harlequin's Moon	author	Larry Niven and Brenda Cooper.
Power of Three	author	Diana Wynne Jones
Go! Go! Ackman	author	Akira Toriyama
Eat This Book	author	Ryan Nerz
After the Race	author	James Joyce
Pubis Angelical	author	Manuel Puig
Traces	author	Stephen Baxter
Thirsty	author	M. T. Anderson
Skylark Three	author	E. E. Smith
Pirates of Venus	author	Edgar Rice Burroughs
The Wizard of Venus	author	Edgar Rice Burroughs
Lost on Venus	author	Edgar Rice Burroughs
Escape on Venus	author	Edgar Rice Burroughs
The Stars' Tennis Balls	author	Stephen Fry
Spark and Burn	author	Diana G. Gallagher
Queen of the Slayers	author	Nancy Holder
Wicked Willow	author	Yvonne Navarro
Keep Me in Mind	author	Nancy Holder
Angel novel)	author	Mel Odom
Dark Lord of Derkholm	author	Diana Wynne Jones
Deep Wizardry	author	Diane Duane
High Wizardry	author	Diane Duane
Balderdash and Piffle	author	Alex Games and Victoria Coren
McTeague	author	Frank Norris
The Princess Bride	author	William Goldman
A Wizard Abroad	author	Diane Duane
Skyfall	author	Catherine Asaro
Kashimashi: Girl Meets Girl	author	Satoru Akahori
Kashimashi: Girl Meets Girl	author	Mako Komao
Schism	author	Catherine Asaro
The Green House	author	Mario Vargas Llosa
The Artist's Handbook of Materials and Techniques	author	Ralph Mayer
The Penelopiad	author	Margaret Atwood
Understanding Consciousness	author	Max Velmans
The Pawns of Null-A	author	A. E. van Vogt
Null-A Three	author	A. E. van Vogt
Language in Thought and Action	author	S. I. Hayakawa
The Dogs of War	author	Frederick Forsyth
Think	author	Michael R. LeGault
The World's Most Dangerous Places	author	Robert Young Pelton
The Wizard's Dilemma	author	Diane Duane
Wizard's Holiday	author	Diane Duane
A Wizard Alone	author	Diane Duane
El estudiante de Salamanca	author	José de Espronceda
Sky+ HD	author	Sky plc
Magikano	author	Takeaki Momose
Uncle Tom's Children	author	Richard Wright
Nowhere Man: The Final Days of John Lennon	author	Robert Rosen
Sharpe's Gold	author	Bernard Cornwell
Mr. Monk and the Dirty Cop	author	Lee Goldberg
The Ashram	author	Sattar Memon
The Lonely Crowd	author	David Riesman, Nathan Glazer, and Reuel Denney
Avenger	author	Frederick Forsyth
The Grass Harp	author	Truman Capote
The Three Little Wolves and the Big Bad Pig	author	Eugene Trivizas
Maken X	author	Q Hayashida
Norstrilia	author	Cordwainer Smith
Only Revolutions	author	Mark Z. Danielewski
The Sensuous Woman	author	Joan Garrity
Sharpe's Battle	author	Bernard Cornwell
The King's Fifth	author	Scott O'Dell
The Swineherd	author	Hans Christian Andersen
Requiem for a Nun	author	William Faulkner
Tunes for Bears to Dance To	author	Robert Cormier
Counterparts	author	James Joyce
The Gates of Rome	author	Conn Iggulden
The Gods of War	author	Conn Iggulden
Train to Pakistan	author	Khushwant Singh
Kurogane Communication	author	Hideo Kato
Kurogane Communication	author	Mizuhito Akiyama
Carnival	author	Robert Antoni
The Quest of Iranon	author	H.P. Lovecraft
Blessed Is the Fruit	author	Robert Antoni
Mr. Monk Goes to Hawaii	author	Lee Goldberg
The Scarlatti Inheritance	author	Robert Ludlum
Jihad Watch	author	Robert Spencer and Hugh Fitzgerald
Lincoln: A Photobiography	author	Russell Freedman
AppArmor	author	Immunix
A Fate Totally Worse than Death	author	Paul Fleischman
The Birthday	author	Koji Suzuki
The Way West	author	A. B. Guthrie, Jr.
Absolute Midnight	author	Clive Barker
Imagined Communities	author	Benedict Anderson
Blood and Fog	author	Nancy Holder
After Image	author	Pierce Askegren
Carnival of Souls	author	Nancy Holder
Colony	author	Melinda Metz
Colony	author	Laura J. Burns
Night Train	author	Martin Amis
Neo Gōmanism Manifesto Special – On War	author	Yoshinori Kobayashi
Blackout	author	Keith R.A. DeCandido
The Pirates! In an Adventure with Scientists	author	Gideon Defoe
The Pirates! in an Adventure with Whaling	author	Gideon Defoe
The Dying Days	author	Lance Parkin
Holy War, Inc.	author	Peter Bergen
The Lion of Comarre and Against the Fall of Night	author	Arthur C. Clarke
Divina Trace	author	Robert Antoni
Red Prowling Devil	author	Toshimitsu Shimizu
Suicide	author	Émile Durkheim
Big Trouble	author	Dave Barry
Absolute OpenBSD	author	Michael W. Lucas
The Sowers of the Thunder	author	Robert E. Howard
The Shadow of the Vulture	author	Robert E. Howard
Wizard	author	John Varley
Demon	author	John Varley
The Wayward Bus	author	John Steinbeck
The Story of a Mother	author	Hans Christian Andersen
A Gun for Sale	author	Graham Greene
The Book of Ultimate Truths	author	Robert Rankin
Surrender the Pink	author	Carrie Fisher
The Path Between the Seas	author	David McCullough
Capitalism: The Unknown Ideal	author	Ayn Rand
Dogs Don't Tell Jokes	author	Louis Sachar
Super Doll Licca-chan	author	Mia Ikumi
Banco	author	Henri Charrière
Soldier in the Rain	author	William Goldman
Akismet	author	Matt Mullenweg
G.	author	John Berger
Mr. Vertigo	author	Paul Auster
Crimson Hero	author	Mitsuba Takanashi
Decipher	author	Stel Pavlou
The 4-Dimensional Nightmare	author	J. G. Ballard
A Fine Night for Dying	author	Jack Higgins
Midnight Runner	author	Jack Higgins
Clay	author	James Joyce
Live Flesh	author	Ruth Rendell
A Fatal Inversion	author	Barbara Vine
The Sirian Experiments	author	Doris Lessing
The Marriages Between Zones Three, Four and Five	author	Doris Lessing
The Making of the Representative for Planet 8	author	Doris Lessing
The Sentimental Agents in the Volyen Empire	author	Doris Lessing
The Return of the Dancing Master	author	Henning Mankell
Sidetracked	author	Henning Mankell
Lime-iro Senkitan	author	Satoru Akahori
Eros and Civilization	author	Herbert Marcuse
God's Little Acre	author	Erskine Caldwell
Typhoon	author	Joseph Conrad
Angélique, the Marquise of the Angels	author	Anne Golon
Angélique, the Marquise of the Angels	author	Sergeanne Golon
Life & Times of Michael K	author	J. M. Coetzee
The New Market Wizards	author	Jack D. Schwager
From Doon with Death	author	Ruth Rendell
The Perilous Gard	author	Elizabeth Marie Pope
Grendel	author	John Gardner
Puckoon	author	Spike Milligan
Children of the Dust	author	Louise Lawrence
Storm Warning	author	Jack Higgins
Plague 99	author	Jean Ure
Running Wild	author	J. G. Ballard
The Overloaded Man	author	J. G. Ballard
The Wild Swans	author	Hans Christian Andersen
Alchemy	author	Margaret Mahy
End in Tears	author	Ruth Rendell
A Painful Case	author	James Joyce
The Lost Worlds of 2001	author	Arthur C. Clarke
Mem and Zin	author	Ahmad Khani
Las películas de mi vida	author	Alberto Fuguet
August 1914	author	Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn
The Dying Animal	author	Philip Roth
Roxana: The Fortunate Mistress	author	Daniel Defoe
Seven Up	author	Janet Evanovich
High Five	author	Janet Evanovich
Four to Score	author	Janet Evanovich
Hot Six	author	Janet Evanovich
Eleven on Top	author	Janet Evanovich
Ten Big Ones	author	Janet Evanovich
To the Nines	author	Janet Evanovich
Hard Eight	author	Janet Evanovich
La Esperança	author	Chigusa Kawai
Radetzky March	author	Joseph Roth
One, No One and One Hundred Thousand	author	Luigi Pirandello
The Meaning of Everything	author	Simon Winchester
Krakatoa: The Day the World Exploded	author	Simon Winchester
Nurse Angel Ririka SOS	author	Yasushi Akimoto
The Zombie Survival Guide	author	Max Brooks
Libxml2	author	The GNOME Project
Ivy Day in the Committee Room	author	James Joyce
I Left My Sneakers in Dimension X	author	Bruce Coville
The Search for Snout	author	Bruce Coville
Aliens Stole My Body	author	Bruce Coville
Phantom of Inferno	author	Nitroplus
Horseman, Pass By	author	Larry McMurtry
The Red Shoes	author	Hans Christian Andersen
+Anima	author	Natsumi Mukai
The Structural Transformation of the Public Sphere	author	Jürgen Habermas
Rogue State: A Guide to the World's Only Superpower	author	William Blum
L'Esclusa	author	Luigi Pirandello
A Mother	author	James Joyce
This Other Eden	author	Ben Elton
Adam and Eve and Pinch Me	author	Ruth Rendell
Grace	author	James Joyce
The Moon's Shadow	author	Catherine Asaro
Ascendant Sun	author	Catherine Asaro
Gateway	author	Frederik Pohl
The South	author	Jorge Luis Borges
Five Centuries of Spanish Literature	author	Linton Lomas Barrett
The Silkworm	author	J. K. Rowling
Cosmos	author	Carl Sagan
The Quantum Rose	author	Catherine Asaro
Chasing Redbird	author	Sharon Creech
The View from Saturday	author	E. L. Konigsburg
The Getaway	author	Jim Thompson
Missing May	author	Cynthia Rylant
The Trumpeter of Krakow	author	Eric P. Kelly
A Monk Swimming	author	Malachy McCourt
A Grave Talent	author	Laurie R. King
Return of the Bunny Suicides	author	Andy Riley
Tokyo	author	Mo Hayder
The Treatment	author	Mo Hayder
Birdman	author	Mo Hayder
The Talking Stone	author	Isaac Asimov
The Black Corridor	author	Michael Moorcock
Meg: A Novel of Deep Terror	author	Steve Alten
Wild Cat Falling	author	Mudrooroo
Prefectural Earth Defense Force	author	Kōichirō Yasunaga
Oh, Play That Thing	author	Roddy Doyle
Enchant	author	AbiWord developers
Up the Walls of the World	author	James Tiptree, Jr.
The China Study	author	T. Colin Campbell, Ph.D. and Thomas M. Campbell II, M.D.
Gulls of Europe, Asia and North America	author	Klaus Malling Olsen and Hans Larsson
Retribution	author	Jilliane Hoffman
Absolutely Normal Chaos	author	Sharon Creech
Introduction to Automata Theory, Languages, and Computation	author	John Hopcroft and Jeffrey Ullman
1001 Songs	author	Toby Creswell
The Conversation of Eiros and Charmion	author	Edgar Allan Poe
Stamboul Train	author	Graham Greene
Out of the Shelter	author	David Lodge
Paradise News	author	David Lodge
Therapy	author	David Lodge
Many Marriages	author	Sherwood Anderson
Home Truths	author	David Lodge
Delusions of Grandma	author	Carrie Fisher
Not George Washington	author	P. G. Wodehouse
Gojiro	author	Mark Jacobson
Open House	author	Elizabeth Berg
Tokimeki Tonight	author	Koi Ikeno
Criss Cross	author	Lynne Rae Perkins
Endgame: The Blueprint for Victory in the War on Terror	author	Lt.General Thomas McInerney and Major General Paul E. Vallely
The Coral Island	author	R. M. Ballantyne
City of Saints and Madmen	author	Jeff VanderMeer
The Flivver King	author	Upton Sinclair
X keyboard extension	author	X.Org Foundation
GenStat	author	John Nelder
One Night @ the Call Center	author	Chetan Bhagat
No Man Friday	author	Rex Gordon
Owd Bob	author	Alfred Ollivant
The Shadow of the Wind	author	Carlos Ruiz Zafón
Boba Fett: Crossfire	author	Terry Bisson
Zanoni	author	Edward Bulwer-Lytton, 1st Baron Lytton
Adolphe	author	Benjamin Constant
Tomorrow, the Stars	author	Edited by Robert A. Heinlein
MS. Found in a Bottle	author	Edgar Allan Poe
Genghis Khan and the Making of the Modern World	author	Jack Weatherford
Supertoys Last All Summer Long	author	Brian Aldiss
Inside Mac Games	author	Tuncer Deniz
Dreamsnake	author	Vonda McIntyre
World of Ptavvs	author	Larry Niven
Israel Potter	author	Herman Melville
When Gravity Fails	author	George Alec Effinger
The Latham Diaries	author	Mark Latham
Agape and Eros	author	Anders Nygren
Sexy Commando Gaiden: Sugoi yo!! Masaru-san	author	Kyosuke Usuta
Socialite Evenings	author	Shobha De
The Worthing Chronicle	author	Orson Scott Card
The Worthing Saga	author	Orson Scott Card
Up the Line	author	Robert Silverberg
Alice, I Think	author	Susan Juby
Freckle Juice	author	Judy Blume
RedState	author	Joshua Treviño, Ben Domenech, and Mike Krempasky
Half Asleep in Frog Pajamas	author	Tom Robbins
Good as Gold	author	Joseph Heller
Trollslayer	author	William King
The Jade Peony	author	Wayson Choy
Engine Summer	author	John Crowley
Speedpost	author	Shobha De
Martin Dressler: The Tale of an American Dreamer	author	Steven Millhauser
Zipang	author	Kaiji Kawaguchi
Happy Seven	author	Hiroyuki Kawasaki
Underbar Summer	author	Jōji Kamio
Bill the Conqueror	author	P. G. Wodehouse
Sam the Sudden	author	P. G. Wodehouse
To Serve Them All My Days	author	R. F. Delderfield
Sorcerer's Apprentice	author	François Augiéras
Dragon's Teeth	author	Upton Sinclair
Cannon God Exaxxion	author	Kenichi Sonoda
Sky Burial	author	Xue Xinran
Settling Accounts: The Grapple	author	Harry Turtledove
The Politics of Individualism	author	L. Susan Brown
Sharpe's Company	author	Bernard Cornwell
The Hollywood Hall of Shame	author	Harry Medved
The Hollywood Hall of Shame	author	Michael Medved
Dictionary of Occupational Titles	author	United States Department of Labor
The Turn	author	Luigi Pirandello
Mastering the Art of Solution-Focused Counseling	author	Jeffrey Guterman
Babel II	author	Mitsuteru Yokoyama
Babel II	author	Mitsuteru Yokoyama
Captain Underpants and the Preposterous Plight of the Purple Potty People	author	Dav Pilkey
Canal Dreams	author	Iain Banks
A Sand County Almanac	author	Aldo Leopold
A Song of Stone	author	Iain Banks
It's Now or Never!	author	Miles Tredinnick
Laugh%3F I Nearly Went to Miami!	author	Miles Tredinnick
Ironfist Chinmi	author	Takeshi Maekawa
Kagihime Monogatari Eikyū Alice Rondo	author	Kaishaku
Winter Holiday	author	Arthur Ransome
Damaged Goods	author	Russell T Davies
Rural Rides	author	William Cobbett
The Jupiter Effect	author	John Gribbin
Godless	author	Pete Hautman
Summer Gone	author	David Macfarlane
The Regatta Mystery	author	Agatha Christie
Dancers in Mourning	author	Margery Allingham
Flowers for the Judge	author	Margery Allingham
A Passionate Pilgrim	author	Henry James
My Utmost for His Highest	author	Oswald Chambers
Projectplace	author	www.projectplace.com
The Names	author	Don DeLillo
Dusklands	author	J. M. Coetzee
A Darwinian Left	author	Peter Singer
As She Climbed Across the Table	author	Jonathan Lethem
The Nargun and the Stars	author	Patricia Wrightson
Planet Ladder	author	Yuri Narushima
Appare Jipangu!	author	Yuu Watase
The Invention of Morel	author	Adolfo Bioy Casares
Portadown News	author	Newton Emerson
Jacques the Fatalist	author	Denis Diderot
Madame de Mauves	author	Henry James
1776	author	David McCullough
Animal	author	David Burnie
Them Bones	author	Howard Waldrop
Savage Species	author	David Eckelbarry, Rich Redman, Jennifer Clarke Wilkes
Ghostwalk	author	Monte Cook and Sean K. Reynolds
Mister Monday	author	Garth Nix
It's Not Luck	author	Eliyahu M. Goldratt
See No Evil	author	Robert Baer
The Dying Earth	author	Jack Vance
Demon Lord Dante	author	Go Nagai
Cinderella Boy	author	Monkey Punch
Devil Lady	author	Go Nagai
Very Good, Jeeves	author	P. G. Wodehouse
The Areas of My Expertise	author	John Hodgman
The Stolen Bacillus and Other Incidents	author	H. G. Wells
Merrie England	author	\
Merrie England	author	Robert Blatchford
Thank You, Jeeves	author	P. G. Wodehouse
The Eyes of the Overworld	author	Jack Vance
Le Portrait de Petit Cossette	author	Asuka Katsura
A Bundle of Letters	author	Henry James
Hell Has No Limits	author	José Donoso
A Specter Is Haunting Texas	author	Fritz Leiber
Omishi Magical Theater: Risky Safety	author	Rei Omishi
Phallos	author	Samuel R. Delany
Major	author	Takuya Mitsuda
Nights at the Circus	author	Angela Carter
The Wall	author	Vasil Bykaŭ
Pilgrimage to Hell	author	Christopher Lowder and Laurence James
Treason by the Book	author	Jonathan Spence
Dead By Sunset	author	Ann Rule
Sexual Violence: Opposing Viewpoints	author	Helen Cothran
Hayom Yom	author	Rabbi Menachem Mendel Schneerson, the seventh Chabad Rebbe
The Author of Beltraffio	author	Henry James
Character Is Destiny	author	John McCain
Character Is Destiny	author	Mark Salter
Etidorhpa	author	John Uri Lloyd
The Big Foot	author	Edgar Wallace
The Revenge of the Shadow King	author	Derek Benz and J.S. Lewis
Dark Visions	author	Stephen King
Dark Visions	author	Dan Simmons
Dark Visions	author	George R. R. Martin
Popsy	author	Stephen King
Valiant: A Modern Tale of Faerie	author	Holly Black
The Reploids	author	Stephen King
Villa Incognito	author	Tom Robbins
Intercourse	author	Andrea Dworkin
The Headless Cupid	author	Zilpha Keatley Snyder
Uncle Fred in the Springtime	author	P. G. Wodehouse
Figure 17	author	Genco Olm
Figure 17	author	Shoji Yonemura
Rape of the Fair Country	author	Alexander Cordell
Manchild in the Promised Land	author	Claude Brown
My War: Killing Time in Iraq	author	Colby Buzzell
Black Creek Crossing	author	John Saul
MDL Chime	author	Elsevier
A London Life	author	Henry James
Great Northern%3F	author	Arthur Ransome
Living My Life	author	Emma Goldman
Seven of Seven	author	Yasuhiro Imagawa
Angry White Pyjamas	author	Robert Twigger
Beyond the Pleasure Principle	author	Sigmund Freud
Oxygen	author	John B. Olson and Randall S. Ingermanson
The Tenants of Moonbloom	author	Edward Lewis Wallant
Inexcusable	author	Chris Lynch
Albert Angelo	author	B. S. Johnson
The Pupil	author	Henry James
The Face	author	Dean Koontz
Lies My Teacher Told Me	author	James W. Loewen
Neighbors	author	Thomas Berger
Earthian	author	Yun Kōga
Baden-Powell	author	Tim Jeal
Wine of the Dreamers	author	John D. MacDonald
Hitler's War	author	David Irving
Galahad at Blandings	author	P. G. Wodehouse
House Mother Normal	author	B.S. Johnson
The Lexicon of Comicana	author	Mort Walker
Public Enemy Number Two	author	Anthony Horowitz
Empire Star	author	Samuel R. Delany
Atashin'chi	author	Eiko Kera
The Real Thing	author	Henry James
The Middle Years	author	Henry James
The Life and Extraordinary Adventures of Private Ivan Chonkin	author	Vladimir Voinovich
Battleaxe	author	Sara Douglass
Avenger	author	William Shatner
The Ashes of Eden	author	William Shatner
The Ashes of Eden	author	Judith Reeves-Stevens
The Ashes of Eden	author	Garfield Reeves-Stevens
Bracebridge Hall	author	Washington Irving
Star Light, Star Bright	author	Alfred Bester
Grim Tuesday	author	Garth Nix
Full Moon	author	P. G. Wodehouse
Black Coffee	author	Agatha Christie
Gestalt	author	Yun Kōga
Onion John	author	Joseph Krumgold
Red Sky at Morning	author	Richard Bradford
The Stars Look Down	author	A. J. Cronin
Blue Murder	author	Beatrix Christian
Joy in the Morning	author	P. G. Wodehouse
Joy in the Morning	author	Betty Smith
Sunwing	author	Kenneth Oppel
Not Forgotten	author	Nancy Holder
Close to the Ground	author	Jeff Mariotte
Soul Trade	author	Thomas E. Sniegoski
Redemption	author	Mel Odom
Shakedown	author	Don DeBrandt
Hollywood Noir	author	Jeff Mariotte
Avatar	author	John Passarella
From Here to Eternity	author	James Jones
The Winter Room	author	Gary Paulsen
Ruled Britannia	author	Harry Turtledove
House	author	Frank Peretti and Ted Dekker
The Tristan Betrayal	author	Robert Ludlum
From the Files of the Time Rangers	author	Richard Bowes
Tsuide ni Tonchinkan	author	Koichi Endo
The Altar of the Dead	author	Henry James
Hyves	author	Raymond Spanjar
Hyves	author	Koen Kam
Hyves	author	Floris Rost van Tonningen
Hyves	author	Nine Ludwig
Bruja	author	Mel Odom
The Law and the Lady	author	Wilkie Collins
Monolith	author	John Passarella
Book of the Dead	author	Ashley McConnell
Solitary Man	author	Jeff Mariotte
Nemesis	author	Scott and Denise Ciencin
Love and Death	author	Jeff Mariotte
Dark Mirror	author	Craig Shaw Gardner
Fearless	author	Doranna Durgin
Vengeance	author	Scott Ciencin and Dan Jolley
Endangered Species	author	Nancy Holder and Jeff Mariotte
Impressions	author	Doranna Durgin
Sanctuary	author	Jeff Mariotte
Stranger to the Sun	author	Jeff Mariotte
Image	author	Mel Odom
Haunted	author	Jeff Mariotte
The Mating Season	author	P. G. Wodehouse
The Summoned	author	Cameron Dokey
Ghoul Trouble	author	John Passarella
Da Capo II	author	Circus
The Satan Bug	author	Alistair MacLean
The Defense	author	Vladimir Nabokov
Swallowdale	author	Arthur Ransome
The House of Sixty Fathers	author	Meindert DeJong
Justice as Fairness: A Restatement	author	John Rawls
The Turning Point	author	Fritjof Capra
Alice in Sunderland	author	Bryan Talbot
The Great Good Place	author	Henry James
Warlord of the Air	author	Michael Moorcock
The Land That Time Forgot	author	Edgar Rice Burroughs
Universal Natural History and Theory of Heaven	author	Immanuel Kant
The Weathering Continent	author	Sei Takekawa
The Weathering Continent	author	Sei Takekawa
Japanese: The Spoken Language	author	Eleanor Harz Jorden, Mari Noda
Barabbas	author	Pär Lagerkvist
Mrs. Medwin	author	Henry James
If This Is a Man	author	Primo Levi
Maps in a Mirror	author	Orson Scott Card
The Wives of Bath	author	Susan Swan
The Birthplace	author	Henry James
Zetsuai 1989	author	Minami Ozaki
Zetsuai 1989	author	Akiyama Rin
The Czar's Madman	author	Jaan Kross
The Two Princesses of Bamarre	author	Gail Carson Levine
The River War	author	Winston Churchill
Markheim	author	Robert Louis Stevenson
Here Be Dragons	author	Sharon Kay Penman
The Nightmare Fair	author	Graham Williams
Here There Be Dragons	author	Roger Zelazny
Here, There Be Dragons	author	James A. Owen
Kushiel's Scion	author	Jacqueline Carey
Sudden Death	author	Stephen Mertz
Kushiel's Justice	author	Jacqueline Carey
The City in History	author	Lewis Mumford
The Midwife's Apprentice	author	Karen Cushman
Home of the Gentry	author	Ivan Turgenev
Fingersmith	author	Sarah Waters
Moderato Cantabile	author	Marguerite Duras
Spheres of Justice	author	Michael Walzer
Dream Machines	author	Ted Nelson
Science Made Stupid	author	Tom Weller
Cirque du Freak	author	Darren Shan
Bec	author	Darren Shan
Utsunomiko	author	Keisuke Fujikawa
The Bridge at Andau	author	James A. Michener
Sharpe's Sword	author	Bernard Cornwell
Ludmila's Broken English	author	DBC Pierre
The Ear, the Eye and the Arm	author	Nancy Farmer
The Nurture Assumption	author	Judith Rich Harris
Providence: The Story of a Fifty-Year Vision Quest	author	Daniel Quinn
Blonde Ambition	author	Zoey Dean
Girls on Film	author	Zoey Dean
Albertine disparue	author	Marcel Proust
Tall Cool One	author	Zoey Dean
Back in Black	author	Zoey Dean
The Short Reign of Pippin IV	author	John Steinbeck
The Silverado Squatters	author	Robert Louis Stevenson
The Vanishings	author	Jerry B. Jenkins and Tim LaHaye
Gentlemen & Players	author	Joanne Harris
What We Do Is Secret	author	Thorn Kief Hillsbery
By Royal Command	author	Charlie Higson
The Ice Harvest	author	Scott Phillips
Fire from Heaven	author	Mary Renault
Qadiani Problem	author	Abul Ala Maududi
The Sound of the Mountain	author	Yasunari Kawabata
Lords of Madness	author	Rich Baker, James Jacobs, and Steve Winter
Our Hearts Were Young and Gay	author	Cornelia Otis Skinner
Our Hearts Were Young and Gay	author	Emily Kimbrough
The Patriotic Traitors	author	David Littlejohn
Loser	author	Jerry Spinelli
Whortle's Hope	author	Robin Jarvis
Cartoon Orbit	author	Sam Register
The Rosy Crucifixion	author	Henry Miller
The Haunted Bookshop	author	Christopher Morley
Beauty and Sadness	author	Yasunari Kawabata
Daddy-Long-Legs	author	Jean Webster
Nadja	author	André Breton
The Hidden Hitler	author	Lothar Machtan
Barmy in Wonderland	author	P. G. Wodehouse
The Eye in the Door	author	Pat Barker
Pigs Have Wings	author	P. G. Wodehouse
Embrace	author	Mark Behr
Wings	author	Mikhail Kuzmin
The Smell of Apples	author	Mark Behr
Pigeon Post	author	Arthur Ransome
Robota	author	Doug Chiang and Orson Scott Card
BibleGateway.com	author	Nick Hengeveld
The Burrow	author	Franz Kafka
Sweethearts	author	Sharon Rich
Hayao Miyazaki's Daydream Data Notes	author	Hayao Miyazaki
Codename: Sailor V	author	Naoko Takeuchi
The Rosary	author	Florence L. Barclay
Peculiar Chris	author	Johann S. Lee
Jaja Uma Grooming Up!	author	Masami Yuki
Jeeves and the Feudal Spirit	author	P. G. Wodehouse
The Courtship of Princess Leia	author	Dave Wolverton
Allies of the Night	author	Darren Shan
The Black Gryphon	author	Mercedes Lackey
The Black Gryphon	author	Larry Dixon
Spiked	author	Mick Hume
Thousand Cranes	author	Yasunari Kawabata
Jerusalem's Lot	author	Stephen King
Speed	author	William S. Burroughs, Jr.
Paranoid: A Chant	author	Stephen King
A Buyer's Market	author	Anthony Powell
A New Universal History of Infamy	author	Rhys Hughes
Frozen Assets	author	P. G. Wodehouse
Service with a Smile	author	P. G. Wodehouse
Children of the Thunder	author	John Brunner
My Mother's Castle	author	Marcel Pagnol
Across the Zodiac	author	Percy Greg
Sir Thursday	author	Garth Nix
Acorna: The Unicorn Girl	author	Anne McCaffrey
Dragonsinger	author	Anne McCaffrey
The People That Time Forgot	author	Edgar Rice Burroughs
The Solitaire Mystery	author	Jostein Gaarder
The Sign of the Beaver	author	Elizabeth George Speare
The Walking Drum	author	Louis L'Amour
Flowering Plants: Evolution Above the Species Level	author	G. Ledyard Stebbins
A Short History of Chinese Philosophy	author	Feng Youlan
A Pelican at Blandings	author	P. G. Wodehouse
The Girl in Blue	author	P. G. Wodehouse
Sunset at Blandings	author	P. G. Wodehouse
Bachelors Anonymous	author	P. G. Wodehouse
The Day My Bum Went Psycho	author	Andy Griffiths
A Day No Pigs Would Die	author	Robert Newton Peck
Catholic Ashrams	author	Sita Ram Goel
Tar Baby	author	Toni Morrison
Strain	author	Buronson
Sanctuary	author	Buronson
Heat	author	Buronson
An Artist of the Floating World	author	Kazuo Ishiguro
The Egoist	author	George Meredith
The Beggar	author	Naguib Mahfouz
The Sleeper Awakes	author	H. G. Wells
Prayers for the Assassin	author	Robert Ferrigno
Shattered Mirror	author	Amelia Atwater-Rhodes
Midnight Predator	author	Amelia Atwater-Rhodes
Demon in My View	author	Amelia Atwater-Rhodes
The Emigrants	author	W. G. Sebald
The Secret Art of Dr. Seuss	author	Dr. Seuss
The Stinky Cheese Man and Other Fairly Stupid Tales	author	Jon Scieszka
The Age of Consent	author	Robert H. Knight
Season of Ash	author	Justin Bryant
The Quillan Games	author	D. J. MacHale
The Deed of Paksenarrion	author	Elizabeth Moon
Dragon's Kin	author	Anne McCaffrey and Todd McCaffrey
Centaur Aisle	author	Piers Anthony
A Spell for Chameleon	author	Piers Anthony
Ogre, Ogre	author	Piers Anthony
Dragon on a Pedestal	author	Piers Anthony
Golem in the Gears	author	Piers Anthony
Vale of the Vole	author	Piers Anthony
Crewel Lye: A Caustic Yarn	author	Piers Anthony
Isle of View	author	Piers Anthony
Heaven Cent	author	Piers Anthony
Demons Don't Dream	author	Piers Anthony
Man from Mundania	author	Piers Anthony
Harpy Thyme	author	Piers Anthony
Geis of the Gargoyle	author	Piers Anthony
Roc and a Hard Place	author	Piers Anthony
Faun & Games	author	Piers Anthony
The Dastard	author	Piers Anthony
Xone of Contention	author	Piers Anthony
Swell Foop	author	Piers Anthony
Cube Route	author	Piers Anthony
Up in a Heaval	author	Piers Anthony
Currant Events	author	Piers Anthony
Stork Naked	author	Piers Anthony
Air Apparent	author	Piers Anthony
The Island	author	Peter Benchley
Science in Action	author	Bruno Latour
Getter Robo Armageddon	author	Go Nagai
Getter Robo Armageddon	author	Yasuhiro Imagawa
The Shape of Things to Come	author	H. G. Wells
InterGalactic Medicine Show	author	Orson Scott Card
Sister of the Bride	author	Beverly Cleary
The Book and the Sword	author	Jin Yong
Otis Spofford	author	Beverly Cleary
King of Shadows	author	Susan Cooper
Firelord	author	Parke Godwin
FreeCast	author	Alban Peignier
Crossing the Line	author	Karen Traviss
The World Before	author	Karen Traviss
Shoeless Joe	author	W.P. Kinsella
Beauty is the Beast	author	Tomo Matsumoto
MeruPuri	author	Matsuri Hino
Tokyo Boys & Girls	author	Miki Aihara
Ouran High School Host Club	author	Bisco Hatori
The Affluent Society	author	John Kenneth Galbraith
The Professors: The 101 Most Dangerous Academics in America	author	David Horowitz
Mama Loves the Poyopoyo-Saurus	author	Takako Aonuma
Acorna's Quest	author	Anne McCaffrey and Margaret Ball
Make Death Love Me	author	Ruth Rendell
A Judgement in Stone	author	Ruth Rendell
Teleny, or The Reverse of the Medal	author	Anonymous; attributed to Oscar Wilde
The Tree	author	H.P. Lovecraft
The Tomb	author	H.P. Lovecraft
Flush: A Biography	author	Virginia Woolf
Sugar Sugar Rune	author	Moyoco Anno
Self-Made Man	author	Norah Vincent
Calico Captive	author	Elizabeth George Speare
Meine Liebe	author	Rei Izawa
Meine Liebe	author	Shinobu Gotou
Dissolution	author	Richard Lee Byers
Ask the Dust	author	John Fante
Black Rednecks and White Liberals	author	Thomas Sowell
Mule	author	Ross Mason
How to Survive a Robot Uprising	author	Daniel H. Wilson
The Matlock Paper	author	Robert Ludlum
Complete Poems	author	Ernest Hemingway
The Color Kittens	author	Margaret Wise Brown
The Amalgamation Polka	author	Stephen Wright
Up a Road Slowly	author	Irene Hunt
Not Without Laughter	author	Langston Hughes
Legs	author	William J. Kennedy
Shriek: An Afterword	author	Jeff VanderMeer
Texar's Revenge, or, North Against South	author	Jules Verne
Tarr	author	Wyndham Lewis
Shah Jo Risalo	author	Shah Abdul Latif Bhittai
Everything That Rises Must Converge	author	Flannery O'Connor
If Nobody Speaks of Remarkable Things	author	Jon McGregor
Agapē Agape	author	William Gaddis
The Rush for Second Place	author	William Gaddis
A Frolic of His Own	author	William Gaddis
The Firesign Theatre's Big Book of Plays	author	The Firesign Theatre
Discourse on the Arts and Sciences	author	Jean-Jacques Rousseau
The Holy	author	Daniel Quinn
A Place in England	author	Melvyn Bragg
Some of Your Blood	author	Theodore Sturgeon
Chirality	author	Satoshi Urushihara
The Hired Man	author	Melvyn Bragg
Kingdom Come	author	Melvyn Bragg
Everyday Use	author	Alice Walker
Ogenki Clinic	author	Haruka Inui
Swallows and Amazons	author	Arthur Ransome
Confessions of a Mask	author	Yukio Mishima
Murphy	author	Samuel Beckett
A Man on the Moon	author	Andrew Chaikin
Assassination Vacation	author	Sarah Vowell
The Provençal Tales	author	Michael de Larrabeiti
Lagoon Engine Einsatz	author	Yukiru Sugisaki
Deep Water	author	Patricia Highsmith
Red Earth, White Lies	author	Vine Deloria, Jr.
The Lake of Souls	author	Darren Shan
Hawksong	author	Amelia Atwater-Rhodes
Reborn!	author	Akira Amano
The Dragon Masters	author	Jack Vance
The Whisperer in Darkness	author	H. P. Lovecraft
Downbelow Station	author	C. J. Cherryh
Rebel Angels: 25 Poets of the New Formalism	author	Mark Jarman,
Rebel Angels: 25 Poets of the New Formalism	author	David Mason
Last Human	author	Doug Naylor
Yoda: Dark Rendezvous	author	Sean Stewart
The Book of Ebenezer Le Page	author	Gerald Basil Edwards
The Sign of the Seahorse	author	Graeme Base
Culture and Society	author	Raymond Williams
All Things Betray Thee	author	Gwyn Thomas
Keywords: A Vocabulary of Culture and Society	author	Raymond Williams
The Country and the City	author	Raymond Williams
The Book of Earth	author	Marjorie B. Kellogg
Black Blade	author	Eric Van Lustbader
Superman: Doomsday & Beyond	author	Louise Simonson
The Legend of Huma	author	Richard A. Knaak
Making Money	author	Terry Pratchett
Shadowmarch	author	Tad Williams
The Kindness of Women	author	J. G. Ballard
Voyage of Slaves	author	Brian Jacques
What's in a Name%3F	author	Isaac Asimov
Planet of Twilight	author	Barbara Hambly
MedStar I: Battle Surgeons	author	Michael Reaves and Steve Perry
MedStar II: Jedi Healer	author	Michael Reaves and Steve Perry
Roger Fry: A Biography	author	Virginia Woolf
Spies	author	Michael Frayn
Shock	author	Robin Cook
The Secret of Sinharat	author	Leigh Brackett
The World Economy: Historical Statistics	author	Angus Maddison
The Sirius Mystery	author	Robert K. G. Temple
The Breast	author	Philip Roth
Krishnamurti's Notebook	author	Jiddu Krishnamurti
Krishnamurti's Journal	author	Jiddu Krishnamurti
Freedom from the Known	author	Jiddu Krishnamurti
London Blues	author	Anthony Frewin
The First and Last Freedom	author	Jiddu Krishnamurti
At the Feet of the Master	author	Alcyone
Skip Beat!	author	Yoshiki Nakamura
Parable of the Sower	author	Octavia E. Butler
Parable of the Talents	author	Octavia E. Butler
They Also Ran	author	Irving Stone
Those Who Trespass	author	Bill O'Reilly
Best Friends	author	Jacqueline Wilson
The High Window	author	Raymond Chandler
Hermsprong	author	Robert Bage
The Reprieve	author	Jean-Paul Sartre
Troubled Sleep	author	Jean-Paul Sartre
Gun Frontier	author	Leiji Matsumoto
Raja Gidh	author	Bano Qudsia
Aristotle for Everybody	author	Mortimer J. Adler
The White Hotel	author	D. M. Thomas
People of the Talisman	author	Leigh Brackett
The Outermost House	author	Henry Beston
The Adapted Mind	author	Jerome H. Barkow, Leda Cosmides and John Tooby
Three	author	Ted Dekker
To the Last Man	author	Zane Grey
Coot Club	author	Arthur Ransome
Comet in Moominland	author	Tove Jansson
Finn Family Moomintroll	author	Tove Jansson
Higgins project	author	Paul Trevithick
The Star Fraction	author	Ken MacLeod
Moominsummer Madness	author	Tove Jansson
Leiningen Versus the Ants	author	Carl Stephenson
A History of the American People	author	Paul Johnson
The Pleasure of My Company	author	Steve Martin
Blue Ocean Strategy	author	W. Chan Kim and Renée Mauborgne
Hackers & Painters	author	Paul Graham
Dialogo de Cecco di Ronchitti da Bruzene in perpuosito de la stella Nuova	author	attributed to Galileo Galilei or Girolamo Spinelli or both as co-authors
My Life	author	Bill Clinton
Dream Saga	author	Megumi Tachikawa
The Twins at St. Clare's	author	Enid Blyton
The O'Sullivan Twins	author	Enid Blyton
Tactics	author	Sakura Kinoshita
Tactics	author	Kazuko Higashiyama
The Barbarians are Coming	author	David Wong Louie
Urchin	author	Urchin Software Corporation
Gakuen Heaven	author	TAMAMI
Gakuen Heaven	author	You Higuri
Winter Dreams	author	F. Scott Fitzgerald
Epic	author	Conor Kostick
Harry Kitten and Tucker Mouse	author	George Selden
Moominland Midwinter	author	Tove Jansson
Raja Yoga	author	Swami Vivekananda
Sybil	author	Benjamin Disraeli
A Ghost in Monte Carlo	author	Barbara Cartland
Ushio and Tora	author	Kazuhiro Fujita
Foxes' Oven	author	Michael de Larrabeiti
White Jazz	author	James Ellroy
Autobiography of Red	author	Anne Carson
Summer Term at St. Clare's	author	Enid Blyton
The Encyclopaedia Sinica	author	Samuel Couling
The Gathering	author	Isobelle Carmody
The Lighthouse at the End of the World	author	Jules Verne
The Lighthouse at the End of the World	author	Michel Verne
In Patagonia	author	Bruce Chatwin
Midnight Over Sanctaphrax	author	Paul Stewart
Midnight Over Sanctaphrax	author	Chris Riddell
School Days	author	0
The Last of the Sky Pirates	author	Paul Stewart
The Last of the Sky Pirates	author	Chris Riddell
Empty World	author	Samuel Youd
The Stone Pilot	author	Paul Stewart
The Stone Pilot	author	Chris Riddell
Darwinian Fairytales	author	David Stove
Slawter	author	Darren Shan
Crescent Moon	author	Haruko Iida
Phantom Quest Corp.	author	Watanabe Mami
Vox	author	Paul Stewart
Vox	author	Chris Riddell
Games People Play	author	Eric Berne, M.D.
The War of the Roses	author	Warren Adler
Deus Irae	author	Philip K. Dick
Deus Irae	author	Roger Zelazny
On the Bondage of the Will	author	Martin Luther
Guilty Pleasures	author	Laurell K. Hamilton
The C++ Programming Language	author	Bjarne Stroustrup
Cradle to Cradle: Remaking the Way We Make Things	author	William McDonough and Michael Braungart
The Novice	author	Trudi Canavan
The Magicians' Guild	author	Trudi Canavan
The High Lord	author	Trudi Canavan
The Last Days of Louisiana Red	author	Ishmael Reed
Groff	author	James Clark
Emily's Reasons Why Not	author	Carrie Gerlach
Catch Me When I Fall	author	Nicci French
Obake no Q-tarō	author	Fujiko Fujio
The Dream Life of Balso Snell	author	Nathanael West
A Cool Million	author	Nathanael West
Repetition	author	Søren Kierkegaard
The Ghost Pirates	author	William Hope Hodgson
The Influence of Sea Power upon History	author	Alfred Thayer Mahan
Kindred	author	Octavia Butler
Into a Dark Realm	author	Raymond E. Feist
Heartfire	author	Orson Scott Card
The Clockwork Testament, or Enderby's End	author	Anthony Burgess
Enderby Outside	author	Anthony Burgess
Inside Mr. Enderby	author	Anthony Burgess
Alvin Journeyman	author	Orson Scott Card
Dokkoida%3F!	author	Taro Achi
Dokkoida%3F!	author	Yu Yagami
Darksaber	author	Kevin J. Anderson
Mephisto	author	Klaus Mann
Edifying Discourses in Diverse Spirits	author	Søren Kierkegaard
The Beginning Was the End	author	Oscar Kiss Maerth
Children of the Jedi	author	Barbara Hambly
Elliott Smith and the Big Nothing	author	Benjamin Nugent
Star Wars Republic Commando: Triple Zero	author	Karen Traviss
The New Rebellion	author	Kristine Kathryn Rusch
Secrets and Lies	author	Nicky Hager and Bob Burton
The Thief Lord	author	Cornelia Funke
Hooray for Diffendoofer Day!	author	Dr. Seuss
Hooray for Diffendoofer Day!	author	Jack Prelutsky
The Crystal Star	author	Vonda McIntyre
Love All the People: Letters, Lyrics, Routines	author	Bill Hicks
Love All the People: Letters, Lyrics, Routines	author	John Lahr
Trial of Champions	author	Ian Livingstone
Jedi Apprentice: The Followers	author	Jude Watson
UFO Ultramaiden Valkyrie	author	Kaishaku
Look to the Lady	author	Margery Allingham
Police at the Funeral	author	Margery Allingham
Pedro and Me	author	Judd Winick
The Crime Wave at Blandings	author	P. G. Wodehouse
Tribulation Force	author	Tim LaHaye and Jerry B. Jenkins
The Black Book	author	Orhan Pamuk
Woodstock	author	Walter Scott
A History of God	author	Karen Armstrong
Big Bang	author	Simon Singh
Star Wars Galaxies: The Ruins of Dantooine	author	Voronica Whitney-Robinson
Star Wars Galaxies: The Ruins of Dantooine	author	Haden Blackman
The Trail of the Lonesome Pine	author	John Fox, Jr.
Claymore	author	Norihiro Yagi
The Death of Jack Hamilton	author	Stephen King
Hideaway	author	Dean Koontz
Extinction	author	Lisa Smedman
Insurrection	author	Thomas M. Reid
Condemnation	author	Richard Baker
Annihilation	author	Philip Athans
Resurrection	author	Paul S. Kemp
Homeland	author	R. A. Salvatore
Sojourn	author	R. A. Salvatore
The Cleric Quintet	author	R. A. Salvatore
The History of Mr Polly	author	H. G. Wells
Red Scarf Girl	author	Ji-Li Jiang
Between Heaven and Hell	author	Peter Kreeft
Starless Night	author	R. A. Salvatore
Siege of Darkness	author	R. A. Salvatore
Passage to Dawn	author	R. A. Salvatore
The Spine of the World	author	R. A. Salvatore
The Two Swords	author	R. A. Salvatore
Servant of the Shard	author	R.A. Salvatore
Road of the Patriarch	author	R. A. Salvatore
Secret Water	author	Arthur Ransome
The Picts and the Martyrs	author	Arthur Ransome
A Glastonbury Romance	author	John Cowper Powys
Home Delivery	author	Stephen King
Dedication	author	Stephen King
The Moving Finger	author	Stephen King
Sneakers	author	Stephen King
Sorry, Right Number	author	Stephen King
Nature via Nurture	author	Matt Ridley
It Grows on You	author	Stephen King
The Doctor's Case	author	Stephen King
The House on Maple Street	author	Stephen King
Gramma	author	Stephen King
Someone Comes to Town, Someone Leaves Town	author	Cory Doctorow
The End of Faith	author	Sam Harris
Game of Shadows	author	Lance Williams and Mark Fainaru-Wada
The Trench	author	Steve Alten
A Tangled Web	author	L. M. Montgomery
Meg: Primal Waters	author	Steve Alten
Meg: Hell's Aquarium	author	Steve Alten
Heroes Die	author	Matthew Stover
Mobile Suit Gundam SEED C.E. 73: Stargazer	author	Naoki Moriya
Lonely Road	author	Nevil Shute
The Black Fleet Crisis	author	Michael P. Kube-McDowell
Kekko Kamen	author	Go Nagai
The Legacy	author	R. A. Salvatore
The Highwayman	author	R. A. Salvatore
Ascendance	author	R. A. Salvatore
The Demon Apostle	author	R. A. Salvatore
Mortalis	author	R.A. Salvatore
The Witch's Daughter	author	Nina Bawden
The Dancer Upstairs	author	Nicholas Shakespeare
Blade of Tyshalle	author	Matthew Stover
Elemental Masters	author	Mercedes Lackey
Amber and Iron	author	Margaret Weis
A Dirty Job	author	Christopher Moore
Magic User's Club	author	Junichi Sato
Magic User's Club	author	Chiaki Konaka
Shrek!	author	William Steig
Boba Fett: Maze of Deception	author	Elizabeth Hand
Boba Fett: A New Threat	author	Elizabeth Hand
Boba Fett: Hunted	author	Elizabeth Hand
Boba Fett: Pursuit	author	Elizabeth Hand
Brainstorms	author	Daniel C. Dennett
Bing	author	Microsoft
Mahōjin Guru Guru	author	Hiroyuki Etō
The Sea of Trolls	author	Nancy Farmer
Tahrir al-Wasilah	author	Ruhollah Khomeini
Capillaria	author	Frigyes Karinthy
Hadranim al HaRambam	author	Rabbi Menachem Mendel Schneerson, the seventh Rebbe of Chabad
The Blue Flower	author	Penelope Fitzgerald
Commentarii de Bello Civili	author	Julius Caesar
Allamagoosa	author	Eric Frank Russell
Kamichama Karin	author	Koge-Donbo
The Rules	author	Ellen Fein
The Rules	author	Sherrie Schneider
The Cat Who Turned On and Off	author	Lilian Jackson Braun
Las sergas de Esplandián	author	Garci Rodríguez de Montalvo
The Laughing Corpse	author	Laurell K. Hamilton
13 Alabama Ghosts and Jeffrey	author	Kathryn Tucker Windham
13 Alabama Ghosts and Jeffrey	author	Margaret Gillis Figh
Imaro	author	Charles R. Saunders
A Kestrel for a Knave	author	Barry Hines
Flannelled Fool	author	T. C. Worsley
The Tale of the Flopsy Bunnies	author	Beatrix Potter
Youth: Scenes from Provincial Life II	author	J. M. Coetzee
Kimiya-yi sa'ādat	author	Al-Ghazali
The Quest for Cush	author	Charles R. Saunders
Luckey Quarter	author	Stephen King
Kamikaze	author	Satoshi Shiki
Dirty Work	author	Nigel Cox
The Trail of Bohu	author	Charles R. Saunders
The Last Kingdom	author	Bernard Cornwell
Pastel	author	Toshihiko Kobayashi
The Taking	author	Dean Koontz
Locked in Time	author	Lois Duncan
Open Skies, Closed Minds	author	Nick Pope
Black Empire	author	George S. Schuyler
The Assault	author	Harry Mulisch
The Man Who Fell in Love with the Moon	author	Tom Spanbauer
The Twelve Caesars	author	Suetonius
Sunnydale High Yearbook	author	Christopher Golden
Sunnydale High Yearbook	author	Nancy Holder
The Hive	author	Steven Barnes
Velocity	author	Dean Koontz
A Forest Apart	author	Troy Denning
Coruscant Nights	author	Michael Reaves
Mythago Wood	author	Robert Holdstock
We Didn't Mean to Go to Sea	author	Arthur Ransome
Historical Atlas of the World	author	Oddavar Bjørkland, Haakon Holmboe, Andre Røhr Maps by: Berit Lie
Baltasar and Blimunda	author	José Saramago
A Watcher in the Woods	author	Florence Engel Randall
Lavondyss	author	Robert Holdstock
Because the Night	author	James Ellroy
Blood on the Moon	author	James Ellroy
The Four-Chambered Heart	author	Anaïs Nin
Shadows in Flight	author	Orson Scott Card
The Conquest of Space	author	Willy Ley
The Secret Hour	author	Scott Westerfeld
Might as Well Be Dead	author	Rex Stout
The Berlin Raids	author	Martin Middlebrook
The Battle of Hamburg	author	Martin Middlebrook
My Brother	author	Fatima Jinnah
Behind the Paint	author	Violent J
Behind the Paint	author	Hobey Echlin
Simon and the Witch	author	Margaret Stuart Barry
The Great War: Breakthroughs	author	Harry Turtledove
Progress and Poverty	author	Henry George
Power: A New Social Analysis	author	Bertrand Russell
Crashing the Gate	author	Markos Moulitsas
The Looking Glass Wars	author	Frank Beddor
Oh No It Isn't!	author	Paul Cornell
Reason and Revolution	author	Herbert Marcuse
The Silent Speaker	author	Rex Stout
On Translating Beowulf	author	J. R. R. Tolkien
On Translating Beowulf	author	Edited by Christopher Tolkien
The New Journalism	author	Tom Wolfe & E. W. Johnson
Heroes of Battle	author	David Noonan, Will McDermott and Stephen Schubert
My Name Is Red	author	Orhan Pamuk
Divorcing Jack	author	Colin Bateman
Dragon's Egg	author	Robert L. Forward
Charlotte Sometimes	author	Penelope Farmer
A Colder War	author	Charles Stross
The Clayhanger Family	author	Arnold Bennett
PowerDesigner	author	Xiao-Yun Wang
Beyond the Sun	author	Matt Jones
Walking to Babylon	author	Kate Orman
Birthright	author	Nigel Robinson
Just War	author	Lance Parkin
Theory and Practice of Muslim State in India	author	K. S. Lal
Maximum Ride: The Angel Experiment	author	James Patterson
Indian Muslims: Who Are They	author	K. S. Lal
Silverwing	author	Kenneth Oppel
The Pale Horseman	author	Bernard Cornwell
Shane	author	Jack Schaefer
The Last Enchantment	author	Mary Stewart
Planet X	author	Michael Jan Friedman
Capeta	author	Masahito Soda
Chūka Ichiban!	author	Etsushi Ogawa
Cleopatra DC	author	Kaoru Shintani
Princess Comet	author	Mitsuteru Yokoyama
Crying Freeman	author	Kazuo Koike
Cooking Papa	author	Tochi Ueyama
The Golden Spiders	author	Rex Stout
Damekko Dōbutsu	author	Noriko Kuwata
Too Many Cooks	author	Rex Stout
Desert Punk	author	Usune Masatoshi
The Dark Room	author	R.K.Narayan
The Shell Seekers	author	Rosamunde Pilcher
Zfone	author	Phil Zimmermann
Dust to Dust	author	Tami Hoag
The Child of the Cavern	author	Jules Verne
Antique Bakery	author	Fumi Yoshinaga
A Vision of Judgment	author	H. G. Wells
History of Hindu–Christian Encounters, AD 304 to 1996	author	Sita Ram Goel
The Doorbell Rang	author	Rex Stout
Take a Thief	author	Mercedes Lackey
Musashi	author	Eiji Yoshikawa
Understanding Islam through Hadis	author	Ram Swarup
I.O.N	author	Arina Tanemura
Billions and Billions	author	Carl Sagan
The Caged Virgin	author	Ayaan Hirsi Ali
Binchō-tan	author	Takahito Ekusa
Spy High	author	A. J. Butcher
The President Vanishes	author	Rex Stout
Bad for Business	author	Rex Stout
Number9dream	author	David Mitchell
Black Swan Green	author	David Mitchell
Murder in E Minor	author	Robert Goldsborough
Someday	author	Isaac Asimov
Revolting Rhymes	author	Roald Dahl
Swan Song	author	Robert R. McCammon
Colleges That Change Lives	author	Loren Pope
National Occupational Classification	author	Human Resources and Skills Development Canada
The Man Who Would Be Queen	author	J. Michael Bailey
Budding Prospects	author	T. C. Boyle
Strange Wine	author	Harlan Ellison
The Van	author	Roddy Doyle
Black Lagoon	author	Rei Hiroe
Black Lagoon	author	Gen Urobuchi
The Rise of Silas Lapham	author	William Dean Howells
Black Sun Rising	author	C. S. Friedman
When True Night Falls	author	Celia S. Friedman
The White Tower	author	James Ramsey Ullman
The Last Enemy	author	Richard Hillary
XPD	author	Len Deighton
Rule of the Bone	author	Russell Banks
Dragons' Wrath	author	Justin Richards
A Northern Light	author	Jennifer Donnelly
Acorna's World	author	Anne McCaffrey and Elizabeth Ann Scarborough
Under Western Eyes	author	Joseph Conrad
Acorna's People	author	Anne McCaffrey and Elizabeth Ann Scarborough
Stumbling on Happiness	author	Daniel Gilbert
Laughing Target	author	Rumiko Takahashi
The Beatrice Letters	author	Lemony Snicket
Standing for Something	author	Gordon B. Hinckley
Acronis True Image	author	Acronis
After the Bomb	author	Erick Wujcik, Matthew Balent
After the Bomb	author	Erick Wujcik, Kevin Siembieda
The Case of the Late Pig	author	Margery Allingham
The 13 Clocks	author	James Thurber
Bones of the Moon	author	Jonathan Carroll
Two Years' Vacation	author	Jules Verne
Asylums	author	Erving Goffman
Road Hogs	author	Erick Wujcik
Road Hogs	author	Kevin Siembieda
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Guide to the Universe	author	Erick Wujcik
Delhi: A Novel	author	Khushwant Singh
Tau Zero	author	Poul Anderson
How I Became a Hindu	author	Sita Ram Goel
Big Planet	author	Jack Vance
History of Dianetics	author	Lafayette Ronald Hubbard
Year of the Griffin	author	Diana Wynne Jones
Mutants Down Under	author	Erick Wujcik
A Long Way from Chicago	author	Richard Peck
Expendable	author	James Alan Gardner
Kamasutra	author	Go Nagai
Kamasutra	author	Kunio Nagatani
Ayodhya and After: Issues Before Hindu Society	author	Koenraad Elst
DESKTOP	author	Parametric Technology Corporation
The Hedgehog and the Fox	author	Isaiah Berlin
Asimov's Biographical Encyclopedia of Science and Technology	author	Isaac Asimov
The Tale of Squirrel Nutkin	author	Beatrix Potter
Hard Tack and Coffee	author	John D. Billings
Halo: Ghosts of Onyx	author	Eric Nylund
Manalive	author	G. K. Chesterton
The Place of Dead Roads	author	William S. Burroughs
The Western Lands	author	William S. Burroughs
Marius the Epicurean	author	Walter Pater
Amber and Ashes	author	Margaret Weis
Left Behind	author	Tim LaHaye and Jerry B. Jenkins
Texas	author	James Michener
Bolt	author	Dan Pelson
Bolt	author	Lee Morgenroth
Bolt	author	David Cancel
Bolt	author	Jane Mount
High Windows	author	Philip Larkin
The Unconsoled	author	Kazuo Ishiguro
The Face of the Waters	author	Robert Silverberg
Fire Time	author	Poul Anderson
The Werewolf of Paris	author	Guy Endore
Interlopers	author	Alan Dean Foster
The Book of Night with Moon	author	Diane Duane
Thank You for Smoking	author	Christopher Buckley
Living Game	author	Mochiru Hoshisato
Worlds in Collision	author	Immanuel Velikovsky
From Eroica with Love	author	Yasuko Aoike
17	author	Ken Yagami
Snow	author	Orhan Pamuk
Marine	author	Tom Clancy
Broca's Brain	author	Carl Sagan
Babylon 5: The Shadow Within	author	Jeanne Cavelos
The Tale of Mr. Jeremy Fisher	author	Beatrix Potter
The Tale of Mrs. Tittlemouse	author	Beatrix Potter
The Tale of Ginger and Pickles	author	Beatrix Potter
The Tale of Mrs. Tiggy-Winkle	author	Beatrix Potter
The Custody of the Pumpkin	author	P. G. Wodehouse
The Celestial Omnibus	author	E. M. Forster
The Eternal Moment	author	E. M. Forster
Lord Emsworth Acts for the Best	author	P. G. Wodehouse
Pig-hoo-o-o-o-ey	author	P. G. Wodehouse
Odes et Ballades	author	Victor Hugo
The Promise	author	Chaim Potok
The Tale of Jemima Puddle-Duck	author	Beatrix Potter
He's Just Not That Into You	author	Greg Behrendt
He's Just Not That Into You	author	Liz Tuccillo
The Tale of Tom Kitten	author	Beatrix Potter
Book of Longing	author	Leonard Cohen
The Tailor of Gloucester	author	Beatrix Potter
Cat's Eye	author	Tsukasa Hojo
De re metallica	author	Georgius Agricola
Chandrakanta	author	Devaki Nandan Khatri
The Tale of Mr. Tod	author	Beatrix Potter
Wild Life	author	Masato Fujisaki
Company for Gertrude	author	P. G. Wodehouse
The Paradoxes of Mr. Pond	author	G. K. Chesterton
The Go-getter	author	P. G. Wodehouse
From Far Away	author	Kyoko Hikawa
Ernesto	author	Umberto Saba
Circus of the Damned	author	Laurell K. Hamilton
Gypsy in Amber	author	Martin Cruz Smith
The Mermaid Chair	author	Sue Monk Kidd
The Theory of Money and Credit	author	Ludwig von Mises
If You Could See Me Now	author	Cecelia Ahern
In the Heart of the Country	author	J. M. Coetzee
Lord Emsworth and the Girl Friend	author	P. G. Wodehouse
Digimon Next	author	Takeshi Okano
Digimon Next	author	Tatsuya Hamazaki
The Curse of Lono	author	Hunter S. Thompson
An Australian Grammar	author	L. E. Threlkeld
The Zap Gun	author	Philip K. Dick
PHYLIP	author	Joseph Felsenstein
Gyōten Ningen Batseelor	author	Fumiaki Tatesako
Gyōten Ningen Batseelor	author	Mahoto Kaji
The Anti-Capitalistic Mentality	author	Ludwig Von Mises
The Squares of the City	author	John Brunner
Ginger Pye	author	Eleanor Estes
Truckin' Turtles	author	J. P. Trostle
Truckin' Turtles	author	Kevin Siembieda
The Glass Cafe	author	Gary Paulsen
Belles on Their Toes	author	Ernestine Gilbreth Carey
Belles on Their Toes	author	Frank Bunker Gilbreth, Jr.
1633	author	David Weber
1633	author	Eric Flint
Awakenings	author	Oliver Sacks
Seola	author	Ann Eliza Smith
The Adventures of Super Diaper Baby	author	Dav Pilkey
The Calcutta Chromosome	author	Amitav Ghosh
The Taqwacores	author	Michael Muhammad Knight
Evil	author	Jan Guillou
Shakedown: Return of the Sontarans	author	Terrance Dicks
The Changing of the Guard	author	Jude Watson
Trio for Blunt Instruments	author	Rex Stout
Stormbreaker	author	Anthony Horowitz
Darkwing	author	Kenneth Oppel
Far as Human Eye Could See	author	Isaac Asimov
The Subatomic Monster	author	Isaac Asimov
Fact and Fancy	author	Isaac Asimov
Chō Kuse ni Narisō	author	An Yoshimura
Geobreeders	author	Akihiro Ito
Geobreeders	author	Isamu Imakake
Three for the Chair	author	Rex Stout
The Ezekiel Option	author	Joel C. Rosenberg
The Knight of the Sacred Lake	author	Rosalind Miles
The Princess of Dhagabad	author	Anna Kashina
Fade to Black	author	Robert Goldsborough
Half Moon Investigations	author	Eoin Colfer
Pamela; or, Virtue Rewarded	author	Samuel Richardson
Deadspin	author	Will Leitch, Rick Chandler
Fact Monster	author	Infoplease
The Torture Garden	author	Octave Mirbeau
Death of a Ghost	author	Margery Allingham
The Gate of Time	author	Philip José Farmer
Fucking Machines	author	Peter Acworth
Rogue in Space	author	Fredric Brown
The French Revolution: A History	author	Thomas Carlyle
Again to Carthage	author	John L. Parker Jr.
A March to Madness	author	John Feinstein
Superior Saturday	author	Garth Nix
Lord Sunday	author	Garth Nix
They Were Eleven	author	Moto Hagio
Before Midnight	author	Rex Stout
The Black Mountain	author	Rex Stout
Morning Star	author	Simon Raven
Apollyon	author	Tim LaHaye and Jerry B. Jenkins
The Fall	author	Garth Nix
Postmortem	author	Patricia Cornwell
Everyone in Silico	author	Jim Munroe
Cider with Rosie	author	Laurie Lee
The Tale of the Pie and the Patty-Pan	author	Beatrix Potter
Firethorn	author	Sarah Micklem
Offshore	author	Penelope Fitzgerald
Voice of the Fire	author	Alan Moore
Crossroads to Islam	author	Yehuda D. Nevo and Judith Koren
Polaris	author	H.P. Lovecraft
Sadamitsu the Destroyer	author	Masahiko Nakahira
Lyceum	author	Ibiblio
An Act of Terror	author	Andre Brink
Castle	author	Garth Nix
Hell to Pay	author	George Pelecanos
Above the Veil	author	Garth Nix
Aenir	author	Garth Nix
Maze	author	Satoru Akahori
Maze	author	Satoru Akahori
Creamy Mami, the Magic Angel	author	Kazunori Itō
Miami Guns	author	Takeaki Momose
Moldiver	author	Shimpei Itoh
Maris the Chojo	author	Rumiko Takahashi
City of Joy	author	Dominique Lapierre
Madara	author	Eiji Otsuka
Haō Taikei Ryū Knight	author	Takehiko Itō
Alta	author	Mercedes Lackey
Joust	author	Mercedes Lackey
Evil, Inc.	author	Franklin W. Dixon
The Violet Keystone	author	Garth Nix
Into Battle	author	Garth Nix
Dead on Target	author	Franklin W. Dixon
Miracle Girls	author	Nami Akimoto
Papuwa	author	Ami Shibata
1634: The Ram Rebellion	author	Eric Flint, Virginia DeMarce, et al.
Riding Bean	author	Kenichi Sonoda
Rumic Theater	author	Rumiko Takahashi
Ruin Explorers	author	Kunihiko Tanaka
Summa Technologiae	author	Stanisław Lem
Cult of Crime	author	Franklin W. Dixon
The Gospel of Filth	author	Gavin Baddeley
The Gospel of Filth	author	Dani Filth
A Literary Nightmare	author	Mark Twain
Border Country	author	Raymond Williams
The Magellanic Cloud	author	Stanisław Lem
Losing You	author	Nicci French
Newton's Wake: A Space Opera	author	Ken MacLeod
Farewell Summer	author	Ray Bradbury
Hangman's Curse	author	Frank E. Peretti
Sakura Diaries	author	U-Jin
Twin Spica	author	Kou Yaginuma
Dragonology: The Complete Book of Dragons	author	Dugald Steer
Saint Jack	author	Paul Theroux
Egyptology: Search for the Tomb of Osiris	author	Dugald Steer
Savrola	author	Winston Churchill
A Boy's Own Story	author	Edmund White
Raiders of the Lost Car Park	author	Robert Rankin
What Happened to Mr. Forster%3F	author	Gary W. Bargar
The Noah Conspiracy	author	Michael Shaara
Higurashi When They Cry	author	Ryukishi07
Winds of Fury	author	Mercedes Lackey
Horrible Geography	author	Anita Ganeri
World Game	author	Terrance Dicks
Spiral Scratch	author	Gary Russell
Adiamante	author	L. E. Modesitt, Jr.
The Land of Foam	author	Ivan Yefremov
The Wicked Day	author	Mary Stewart
The Ruins of Ambrai	author	Melanie Rawn
The Mageborn Traitor	author	Melanie Rawn
God Speaks	author	Meher Baba
The Face of the Enemy	author	David A. McIntee
Fire on the Mountain	author	Terry Bisson
SoftMaker Office	author	SoftMaker
Many Moons	author	James Thurber
Dzur	author	Steven Brust
Teckla	author	Steven Brust
The Devil Goblins from Neptune	author	Martin Day and Keith Topping
The Marxism of Che Guevara	author	Michael Löwy
The Terrorist	author	Caroline B. Cooney
The Tigers of Mompracem	author	Emilio Salgari
The Pirates of Malaysia	author	Emilio Salgari
The Shadow Lines	author	Amitav Ghosh
City of the Beasts	author	Isabel Allende
Abduction!	author	Peg Kehret
Parasite Eve	author	Hideaki Sena
Oh Canada! Oh Quebec!	author	Mordecai Richler
Excalibur	author	Sanders Anne Laubenthal
The Murder Game	author	Steve Lyons
The Ultimate Treasure	author	Christopher Bulis
Horsemen of the Esophagus	author	Jason Fagone
The Tomorrow Windows	author	Jonathan Morris
Festival of Death	author	Jonathan Morris
Never the Same Again	author	Jerry Tschappat
The Rats in the Walls	author	H. P. Lovecraft
A Son Called Gabriel	author	Damian McNicholl
Bio Hunter	author	Fujihiko Hosono
The World of Normal Boys	author	K.M. Soehnlein
Ekaterina	author	Donald Harington
Dream Children	author	A. N. Wilson
The Fourth of June	author	David Benedictus
Anachrophobia	author	Jonathan Morris
John Barleycorn	author	Jack London
Memories and Portraits	author	Robert Louis Stevenson
The Empire of Glass	author	Andy Lane
Jhereg	author	Steven Brust
Lakota Woman	author	Mary Crow Dog
Lakota Woman	author	Richard Erdoes
I, Q	author	John de Lancie
I, Q	author	Peter David
Business Unusual	author	Gary Russell
Icon	author	Frederick Forsyth
Illegal Alien	author	Mike Tucker and Robert Perry
Yendi	author	Steven Brust
This Earth of Mankind	author	Pramoedya Ananta Toer
Waiting for Godalming	author	Robert Rankin
The Roundheads	author	Mark Gatiss
The Curse of Capistrano	author	Johnston McCulley
Kaze to Ki no Uta	author	Keiko Takemiya
Multipliers: How the Best Leaders Make Everyone Smarter	author	Liz Wiseman, Greg Mckeown
Child of the Dark Prophecy	author	T. A. Barron
Terre Haute	author	Will Aitken
Eon	author	Greg Bear
Vatta's War	author	Elizabeth Moon
Kaz the Minotaur	author	Richard A. Knaak
Story of Your Life	author	Ted Chiang
Fighting Beauty Wulong	author	Yūgo Ishikawa
The Company	author	Robert Littell
The Gospel of the Flying Spaghetti Monster	author	Bobby Henderson
Apocalypse Meow	author	Motofumi Kobayashi
The Acceptance World	author	Anthony Powell
At Lady Molly's	author	Anthony Powell
The Kindly Ones	author	Anthony Powell
Flight from the Dark	author	Joe Dever
The Deathlord of Ixia	author	Joe Dever
Star Science Fiction Stories No.3	author	Frederik Pohl
Ilsa	author	Madeleine L'Engle
Sacrifice	author	Karen Traviss
Exile	author	Aaron Allston
Smirt	author	James Branch Cabell
Maico 2010	author	Toshimitsu Shimizu
Lady into Fox	author	David Garnett
The Wandering Fire	author	Guy Gavriel Kay
The Bridge over the River Kwai	author	Pierre Boulle
Doctor Zhivago	author	Boris Pasternak
Return from the Stars	author	Stanisław Lem
The House of the Seven Gables	author	Nathaniel Hawthorne
Love Mode	author	Shimizu Yuki
The Silence of the Lambs	author	Thomas Harris
No Shame, No Fear	author	Ann Turnbull
Forged in the Fire	author	Ann Turnbull
Eye of Heaven	author	Jim Mortimore
Ghost Talker's Daydream	author	Saki Okuse
The Hollow Men	author	Martin Day
The Hollow Men	author	Keith Topping
Crusher Joe	author	Haruka Takachiho
The Witch Hunters	author	Steve Lyons
Last of the Gaderene	author	Mark Gatiss
Catastrophea	author	Terrance Dicks
Critical Chain	author	Eliyahu Goldratt
Mission: Impractical	author	David A. McIntee
Company	author	Max Barry
The Inheritors	author	William Golding
The Runes of the Earth	author	Stephen R. Donaldson
When Jonathan Died	author	Tony Duvert
The Social Construction of Reality	author	Peter L. Berger
The Social Construction of Reality	author	Thomas Luckmann
Marrow	author	Robert Reed
Dragons of Autumn Twilight	author	Margaret Weis and Tracy Hickman
Dragons of Winter Night	author	Margaret Weis and Tracy Hickman
Dragons of Spring Dawning	author	Margaret Weis
Dragons of Spring Dawning	author	Tracy Hickman
Creature of Havoc	author	Steve Jackson
Quantum Theology	author	Diarmuid O'Murchu
Plainsong	author	Kent Haruf
The Voodoo Plot	author	Franklin W. Dixon
Zeta Major	author	Simon Messingham
The Immoralist	author	André Gide
Timewyrm: Genesys	author	John Peel
Luna	author	Julie Anne Peters
Mission to Magnus	author	Philip Martin
The Lifted Veil	author	George Eliot
True Blue: The Oxford Boat Race Mutiny	author	Dan Topolski and Patrick Robinson
The Temple of Dawn	author	Yukio Mishima
Dreams of Empire	author	Justin Richards
The Final Sanction	author	Steve Lyons
Black Water	author	D. J. MacHale
The Israel Lobby and U.S. Foreign Policy	author	John Mearsheimer and Stephen Walt
Dying in the Sun	author	Jon de Burgh Miller
Combat Rock	author	Mick Lewis
Cold Mountain	author	Charles Frazier
The Redwall Cookbook	author	Brian Jacques
Polaroids from the Dead	author	Douglas Coupland
Caedmon's Song	author	Peter Robinson
The Colony of Lies	author	Colin Brake
Understanding Physics	author	Isaac Asimov
The Cosmic Connection	author	Carl Sagan
Raven's Gate	author	Anthony Horowitz
The Riders	author	Tim Winton
The Night of Wenceslas	author	Lionel Davidson
Touching from a Distance	author	Deborah Curtis
Memoirs of Many in One	author	Patrick White
Harbinger	author	David Alan Mack
Georges	author	Alexandre Dumas, père
White Mughals	author	William Dalrymple
The Third Wave: Democratization in the Late Twentieth Century	author	Samuel P. Huntington
Avoidance	author	Michael Lowenthal
Fade	author	Robert Cormier
Diary of a Drug Fiend	author	Aleister Crowley
Dream Boy	author	Jim Grimsley
The Decay of the Angel	author	Yukio Mishima
America	author	E.R. Frank
Punk Farm	author	Jarrett J. Krosoczka
The Jew in the Lotus	author	Rodger Kamenetz
Point Blanc	author	Anthony Horowitz
The Possibility of an Island	author	Michel Houellebecq
Ballad of a Shinigami	author	K-Ske Hasegawa
The Matarese Countdown	author	Robert Ludlum
Lifehacker	author	Gina Trapani
The Lotus and the Robot	author	Arthur Koestler
The Last of the Jedi: The Desperate Mission	author	Jude Watson
Eric, or, Little by Little	author	Frederic W. Farrar
Path to Truth	author	Jude Watson
The Way of the Apprentice	author	Jude Watson
The Trail of the Jedi	author	Jude Watson
The Dangerous Games	author	Jude Watson
The Master of Disguise	author	Jude Watson
The School of Fear	author	Jude Watson
The Demon Awakens	author	R.A. Salvatore
The Shadow Trap	author	Jude Watson
The Demon Spirit	author	R.A. Salvatore
The Moment of Truth	author	Jude Watson
The False Peace	author	Jude Watson
The Final Showdown	author	Jude Watson
Caramelo	author	Sandra Cisneros
The Good Witch of the West	author	Noriko Ogiwara
Dragon Fist	author	Shu Katayama
Obsessed	author	Ted Dekker
Renkin 3-kyū Magical%3F Pokān	author	Garakuta House
The Revolution of Everyday Life	author	Raoul Vaneigem
Fear	author	L. Ron Hubbard
Nightmare Academy	author	Frank Peretti
Divided City	author	Theresa Breslin
Dialogue with Death	author	Arthur Koestler
The Ship Who Sang	author	Anne McCaffrey
Last Seen Wearing ...	author	Hillary Waugh
Have You Lived Before This Life%3F	author	L. Ron Hubbard
The Curse of the Pharaohs	author	Elizabeth Peters
Capitalism and Freedom	author	Milton Friedman
Love Monkey	author	Kyle Smith
The Key	author	Marianne Curley
The Next American Nation	author	Michael Lind
Of Men and Monsters	author	William Tenn
The Scales of Injustice	author	Gary Russell
Kagen no Tsuki	author	Yazawa Ai
City Boy: The Adventures of Herbie Bookbinder	author	Herman Wouk
U.tv	author	UTV
Armageddon's Children	author	Terry Brooks
The Wedding of Zein	author	Al-Tayyib Salih
Josephine the Singer, or the Mouse Folk	author	Franz Kafka
The Day Lasts More Than a Hundred Years	author	Chinghiz Aitmatov
The Descent	author	Jeff Long
Last Man Running	author	Chris Boucher
Matrix	author	Mike Tucker and Robert Perry
The Costs of Accidents	author	Guido Calabresi
Classmates.com	author	Randy Conrads
Petey	author	Ben Mikaelsen
Mizuiro Jidai	author	Yuu Yabuuchi
The Little Endless Storybook	author	Jill Thompson
Flashbacks	author	Timothy Leary
Utawarerumono	author	Aquaplus
High Priest	author	Timothy Leary
All Fall Down	author	James Leo Herlihy
Capricorn	author	Johji Manabe
Escape from the Shadows	author	Robin Maugham
The Lunatic Cafe	author	Laurell K. Hamilton
The Diving Bell and the Butterfly	author	Jean-Dominique Bauby
A Gathering of Old Men	author	Ernest J. Gaines
Dark Is the Sun	author	Philip Jose Farmer
Holy Fire	author	Bruce Sterling
Java	author	James Gosling
Java	author	Sun Microsystems
The Dream	author	H. G. Wells
Thakurmar Jhuli	author	Dakshinaranjan Mitra Majumder
The Fire Engine That Disappeared	author	Sjöwall and Wahlöö
Five Quarters of the Orange	author	Joanne Harris
The Mambo Kings Play Songs of Love	author	Oscar Hijuelos
Naked Pictures of Famous People	author	Jon Stewart
Dokkiri Doctor	author	Fujihiko Hosono
The Mummy Case	author	Elizabeth Peters
This	author	Barrett Watten
This	author	Robert Grenier
The Last of the Jedi: A Tangled Web	author	Jude Watson
Princess Princess	author	Mikiyo Tsuda
Death of a Naturalist	author	Seamus Heaney
What Katy Did	author	Susan Coolidge
Empire of the Ants	author	Bernard Werber
Les Thanatonautes	author	Bernard Werber
Speed Tribes	author	Karl Taro Greenfeld
The Tattooed Potato and Other Clues	author	Ellen Raskin
The Poe Shadow	author	Matthew Pearl
The Story of the Malakand Field Force	author	Winston Churchill
Turtles Go Hollywood	author	Daniel Greenberg
Turtles Go Hollywood	author	Kevin Siembieda
The Broken Vase	author	Rex Stout
Mutants of the Yucatan	author	Erick Wujcik
Rogue Moon	author	Algis Budrys
Going Too Far	author	Tony Hendra
Waylander	author	David Gemmell
Truthdig	author	Robert Scheer
Truthdig	author	Zuade Kaufman
J. R. R. Tolkien: A Biography	author	Humphrey Carpenter
Magic Woman M	author	Nekoshita Pong
The Scarlet Brotherhood	author	Sean K. Reynolds
Brokeback Mountain	author	Annie Proulx
The World Jones Made	author	Philip K. Dick
Human Nature	author	Paul Cornell
The Infinity Doctors	author	Lance Parkin
Waylander II: In the Realm of the Wolf	author	David Gemmell
Ayesha	author	H. Rider Haggard
Dynamical Theory of Crystal Lattices	author	Max Born and Kun Huang
Franchise	author	Isaac Asimov
We Can Build You	author	Philip K. Dick
The Tree of Hands	author	Ruth Rendell
Question	author	Isaac Asimov
Jokester	author	Isaac Asimov
The Life and Times of Multivac	author	Isaac Asimov
Our Friends from Frolix 8	author	Philip K. Dick
The Foundation Pit	author	Andrei Platonov
Salvation	author	Steve Lyons
Occupational Outlook Handbook	author	Bureau of Labor Statistics
Occupational Outlook Handbook	author	United States Department of Labor
Adventures in Time and Space	author	edited by Raymond J. Healy and J. Francis McComas
Pafko at the Wall	author	Don DeLillo
The Wages of Sin	author	David A. McIntee
The Hollowing	author	Robert Holdstock
Bloody Bones	author	Laurell K. Hamilton
Female Chauvinist Pigs	author	Ariel Levy
L=A=N=G=U=A=G=E	author	editors: Charles Bernstein &amp; Bruce Andrews
Makai Senki Disgaea	author	Takehito Harada, Arashi Shindo
Makai Senki Disgaea	author	Takehito Harada, Hekaton
Masquerades	author	Kate Novak and Jeff Grubb
Jedi Twilight	author	Michael Reaves
Complete Psionic	author	Bruce R. Cordell and Christopher Lindsay
A Planet Named Shayol	author	Cordwainer Smith
Deep Blue	author	Mark Morris
Haunted Mesa	author	Louis L'Amour
Arms and Equipment Guide	author	Grant Boucher, Troy Christensen, Jon Pickens, John Terra, and Scott Davis
Arms and Equipment Guide	author	Eric Cagle
Arms and Equipment Guide	author	Jesse Decker
Arms and Equipment Guide	author	Jeff Quick
Arms and Equipment Guide	author	Rich Redman
Arms and Equipment Guide	author	James Wyatt
The Mountain Wreath	author	Petar II Petrović-Njegoš
The Paul Street Boys	author	Ferenc Molnár
Oldest Living Confederate Widow Tells All	author	Allan Gurganus
The Game-Players of Titan	author	Philip K. Dick
Innumeracy	author	John Allen Paulos
Before the Golden Age	author	Isaac Asimov
The Werewolf of Fever Swamp	author	R. L. Stine
The Unteleported Man	author	Philip K. Dick
The Red Napoleon	author	Floyd Gibbons
The Steep Approach to Garbadale	author	Iain Banks
Among the Impostors	author	Margaret Peterson Haddix
Pedro Páramo	author	Juan Rulfo
Players	author	Terrance Dicks
Millennium Shock	author	Justin Richards
Sasami: Magical Girls Club	author	Anime International Company
Sasami: Magical Girls Club	author	BeSTACK
Not Quite Dead Enough	author	Rex Stout
The Second Stage	author	Betty Friedan
Yoshinaga-san Chi no Gargoyle	author	Sennendou Taguchi
Yoshinaga-san Chi no Gargoyle	author	Kagari Tamaoka
The Pink Swastika	author	Scott Lively
The Pink Swastika	author	Kevin Abrams
The Only Game in Town	author	John Bibee
Portal Through Time	author	Alice Henderson
Bicycle Hills	author	John Bibee
Breaking the Spell: Religion as a Natural Phenomenon	author	Daniel C. Dennett
No Place Like Earth	author	John Wyndham
Night Frost	author	R. D. Wingfield
Teddy	author	J. D. Salinger
The Art of Intrusion	author	Kevin Mitnick
The Art of Intrusion	author	William L. Simon
Clans of the Alphane Moon	author	Philip K. Dick
The Houses of Iszm	author	Jack Vance
Small Steps	author	Louis Sachar
Lucky Star	author	Kagami Yoshimizu
44 Scotland Street	author	Alexander McCall Smith
Women and Economics	author	Charlotte Perkins Gilman
Regina	author	Ben Burton, David Letscher, Richard Rannard, Hyam Rubinstein
The Bishop's Mantle	author	Agnes Sligh Turnbull
Hornblower and the Crisis	author	C. S. Forester
Rose Daughter	author	Robin McKinley
A Daughter of Heth	author	William Black
Spindle's End	author	Robin McKinley
The Pact	author	Jodi Picoult
Nerima Daikon Brothers	author	Takamitsu Kondō
The Showgirl Princess	author	Kylie Minogue
His Religion and Hers	author	Charlotte Perkins Gilman
March	author	Geraldine Brooks
The Dalelands	author	Richard Baker
We All Fall Down	author	Eric Walters
A Gift from Earth	author	Larry Niven
The Fireclown	author	Michael Moorcock
Catherine, Called Birdy	author	Karen Cushman
The Hugo Winners	author	edited by Isaac Asimov
Allan Stein	author	Matthew Stadler
Tomoyo After: It's a Wonderful Life	author	Key
Geomancer	author	Ian Irvine
The Star	author	Arthur C. Clarke
That Hell-Bound Train	author	Robert Bloch
Galaxy Angel II	author	Sumire Nanosuna
Galaxy Angel II	author	Kanan
Strawberry Panic!	author	Sakurako Kimino
Dawn of the Dragons	author	Joe Dever
The Buccaneers of Shadaki	author	Joe Dever
The Syro-Aramaic Reading of the Koran	author	Christoph Luxenberg
We Need to Talk About Kevin	author	Lionel Shriver
Bomarzo	author	Manuel Mujica Láinez
New Arabian Nights	author	Robert Louis Stevenson
Kanpai!	author	Maki Murakami
International Classification of Primary Care	author	WONCA International Classification Committee
Everyman	author	Philip Roth
The Whipping Boy	author	Sid Fleischman
Agrippa	author	William Gibson
The Legacy of Vashna	author	Joe Dever
Musashi Number 9	author	Miyuki Takahashi
The Last of the Jedi: Dark Warning	author	Jude Watson
The Last of the Jedi: Underworld	author	Jude Watson
The Last of the Jedi: Death on Naboo	author	Jude Watson
Star Surgeon	author	James White
Ambulance Ship	author	James White
The Caverns of Kalte	author	Joe Dever
Fire on the Water	author	Joe Dever
Time to Depart	author	Lindsey Davis
Loophole	author	Arthur C. Clarke
Counter-Clock World	author	Philip K. Dick
The Killing Dance	author	Laurell K. Hamilton
Postwar: A History of Europe Since 1945	author	Tony Judt
The Ghost at Skeleton Rock	author	Franklin W. Dixon
The Flying Sorcerers	author	Larry Niven
The Flying Sorcerers	author	David Gerrold
The Mindworm	author	Cyril M. Kornbluth
Lando Calrissian and the Mindharp of Sharu	author	L. Neil Smith
Lando Calrissian and the Flamewind of Oseon	author	L. Neil Smith
Lando Calrissian and the Starcave of ThonBoka	author	L. Neil Smith
The Madwoman in the Attic	author	Sandra Gilbert
The Madwoman in the Attic	author	Susan Gubar
The House of Dies Drear	author	Virginia Hamilton
Ai no Kusabi	author	Reiko Yoshihara
Out from Boneville	author	Jeff Smith
A Coyote's in the House	author	Elmore Leonard
The Knights of the Cross	author	Henryk Sienkiewicz
The Harsh Cry of the Heron	author	Lian Hearn
Heaven's Net is Wide	author	Lian Hearn
Youngblood Hawke	author	Herman Wouk
Back to the Moon	author	Homer Hickam
Simoun	author	Hayase Hashiba
Simoun	author	Wataru Akiduki
Simoun	author	Junko Okazaki
Zenki	author	Kikuhide Tani
Yawara!	author	Naoki Urasawa
Scientology: A History of Man	author	L. Ron Hubbard
Mr. Blandings Builds His Dream House	author	Eric Hodgins
Hornblower and the Atropos	author	C. S. Forester
Two Solitudes	author	Hugh MacLennan
Three Hands in the Fountain	author	Lindsey Davis
Henry and Ribsy	author	Beverly Cleary
King David's Spaceship	author	Jerry Pournelle
The Graduate	author	Charles Webb
Step by Wicked Step	author	Anne Fine
Night Without End	author	Alistair MacLean
The Wolf Cub's Handbook	author	Robert Baden-Powell
The Executioners	author	John D. MacDonald
The Executioner	author	Don Pendleton
Gregor the Overlander	author	Suzanne Collins
L. T.'s Theory of Pets	author	Stephen King
Dark Alliance	author	Gary Webb
The Food of the Gods	author	Arthur C. Clarke
Earthlight	author	Arthur C. Clarke
Baidu Baike	author	Robin Li
ITV Local	author	ITV plc
Billy	author	Whitley Strieber
Misteriosa Buenos Aires	author	Manuel Mujica Laínez
La casa	author	Manuel Mujica Laínez
El laberinto	author	Manuel Mujica Laínez
El gran teatro	author	Manuel Mujica Laínez
The New Republic	author	William Hurrell Mallock
The Lambing Flat	author	Nerida Newton
Death of a Whaler	author	Nerida Newton
Facts Concerning the Late Arthur Jermyn and His Family	author	H. P. Lovecraft
A Night in Terror Tower	author	R. L. Stine
The Ship	author	C. S. Forester
Stronghold	author	Melanie Rawn
Bumageddon: The Final Pongflict	author	Andy Griffiths
O Crime do Padre Amaro	author	José Maria de Eça de Queiroz
The Tale of Little Pig Robinson	author	Beatrix Potter
The Culture of Narcissism	author	Christopher Lasch
The Mandalorian Armor	author	K. W. Jeter
Hard Merchandise	author	K. W. Jeter
Iberia	author	James A. Michener
The Book of the Dead	author	Douglas Preston
The Book of the Dead	author	Lincoln Child
The Twilight of the Grey Gods	author	Robert E. Howard
The Black Stone	author	Robert E. Howard
Lovelock	author	Orson Scott Card
Lovelock	author	Kathryn H. Kidd
The Special Duty Combat Unit Shinesman	author	Kaimu Tachibana
Cruising	author	Gerald Walker
Star Wars: Episode III – Revenge of the Sith	author	Matthew Stover
Fripp	author	Miles Tredinnick
Amnesia Moon	author	Jonathan Lethem
Heechee Rendezvous	author	Frederik Pohl
Race Differences in Intelligence	author	Richard Lynn
Young Adam	author	Alexander Trocchi
The Merry Men and Other Tales and Fables	author	Robert Louis Stevenson
What the Dormouse Said	author	John Markoff
The Roads to Sata	author	Alan Booth
The Iron Hand of Mars	author	Lindsey Davis
The Silver Pigs	author	Lindsey Davis
Twin Signal	author	Sachi Oshimizu
Dealing with Dragons	author	Patricia C. Wrede
Ghost Circles	author	Jeff Smith
A Ship of the Line	author	C. S. Forester
Crown of Horns	author	Jeff Smith
Old Man's Cave	author	Jeff Smith
Rock Jaw: Master of the Eastern Border	author	Jeff Smith
The Dragonslayer	author	Jeff Smith
The Great Cow Race	author	Jeff Smith
Eyes of the Storm	author	Jeff Smith
The Clock Winder	author	Anne Tyler
Andersonville	author	MacKinlay Kantor
Safe Area Goražde	author	Joe Sacco
Rough Ride	author	Paul Kimmage
Brother Fish	author	Bryce Courtenay
Muhammad Ali: His Life and Times	author	Thomas Hauser
The River	author	Gary Paulsen
Polio: An American Story	author	David M. Oshinsky
Inner Experience	author	Georges Bataille
Hotman	author	Sho Kitagawa
The Unlimited Dream Company	author	J. G. Ballard
Jyu-Oh-Sei	author	Natsumi Itsuki
Bound and Gagged: Pornography and the Politics of Fantasy in America	author	Laura Kipnis
Deafening	author	Frances Itani
Patterns of Force	author	Michael Reaves
Facing the Future	author	Jerry B. Jenkins and Tim LaHaye
The Seven Minutes	author	Irving Wallace
The Call of Cthulhu and Other Weird Stories	author	H. P. Lovecraft
Morpho Eugenia	author	A. S. Byatt
Encyclopedia of World History	author	William L. Langer
Encyclopedia of World History	author	Peter Stearns
Rebel Planet	author	Robin Waterfield
Demons of the Deep	author	Steve Jackson
The Lords of the North	author	Bernard Cornwell
The Chasm of Doom	author	Joe Dever
Shadow on the Sand	author	Joe Dever
Castle Death	author	Joe Dever
The Masters of Darkness	author	Joe Dever
The Prisoners of Time	author	Joe Dever
The Dungeons of Torgar	author	Joe Dever
The Cauldron of Fear	author	Joe Dever
The Jungle of Horrors	author	Joe Dever
Sharpe's Fury	author	Bernard Cornwell
The Kingdoms of Terror	author	Joe Dever
The Plague Lords of Ruel	author	Joe Dever
The Captives of Kaag	author	Joe Dever
The Darke Crusade	author	Joe Dever
Icebound	author	Dean Koontz
The Curse of Naar	author	Joe Dever
The Codex	author	Douglas Preston
Under the Eagle	author	Simon Scarrow
White Dog	author	Romain Gary
The House of Thunder	author	Dean Koontz
The Mask	author	Dean Koontz
The Eyes of Darkness	author	Dean Koontz
The Funhouse	author	Dean Koontz
The Voice of the Night	author	Dean Koontz
Whispers	author	Dean Koontz
The Key to Midnight	author	Dean Koontz
The Face of Fear	author	Dean Koontz
The Vision	author	Dean Koontz
Night Chills	author	Dean Koontz
Twilight Eyes	author	Dean Koontz
Darkfall	author	Dean Koontz
The Door to December	author	Dean Koontz
Strangers	author	Dean Koontz
Shadow Fires	author	Dean Koontz
Lightning	author	Dean Koontz
The Servants of Twilight	author	Dean Koontz
Watchers	author	Dean Koontz
The Bad Place	author	Dean Koontz
High Justice	author	Jerry Pournelle
Midnight	author	Dean Koontz
Cold Fire	author	Dean Koontz
Mr. Murder	author	Dean Koontz
The Last Gentleman	author	Walker Percy
Dragon Tears	author	Dean Koontz
Invasion	author	Dean Koontz
Dark Rivers of the Heart	author	Dean Koontz
Intensity	author	Dean Koontz
Zorba the Hutt's Revenge	author	Paul Davids
Mission from Mount Yoda	author	Paul Davids
Queen of the Empire	author	Paul Davids
Prophets of the Dark Side	author	Paul Davids
Denshin 8 go	author	Ishioka Takamitsu
Recitatif	author	Toni Morrison
Benito Cereno	author	Herman Melville
The Ruling Class	author	Francine Pascal
The Crack in Space	author	Philip K. Dick
The Accursed Share	author	Georges Bataille
Tyrannosaur Canyon	author	Douglas Preston
Dance of Death	author	Douglas Preston and Lincoln Child
Leap of Faith: Memoirs of an Unexpected Life	author	Queen Noor of Jordan
Peter Schlemihl	author	Adelbert von Chamisso
Air	author	Geoff Ryman
Flying Colours	author	C. S. Forester
Wolf's Bane	author	Joe Dever
The Book of Thoth	author	Aleister Crowley
Absolute Boy	author	Tatsuya Hamazaki
The Grantville Gazettes	author	Eric Flint
From the Corner of His Eye	author	Dean Koontz
By the Light of the Moon	author	Dean Koontz
Fear Nothing	author	Dean Koontz
One Door Away from Heaven	author	Dean Koontz
False Memory	author	Dean Koontz
Sole Survivor	author	Dean Koontz
Demon Seed	author	Dean Koontz
Prodigal Son	author	Dean Koontz
The Husband	author	Dean Koontz
Brother Odd	author	Dean Koontz
City of Night	author	Dean Koontz and Ed Gorman
Forever Odd	author	Dean Koontz
The Sissy Duckling	author	Harvey Fierstein
Daddy's Roommate	author	Michael Willhoite
Who's in a Family%3F	author	Robert Skutch
The Family Book	author	Todd Parr
Sheep	author	Simon Maginn
Dead Calm	author	Charles Williams
The Eiger Sanction	author	Trevanian
Neon Genesis Evangelion: Angelic Days	author	Fumino Hayashi
The Book of Lies	author	Aleister Crowley
Practice in Christianity	author	Søren Kierkegaard
Marley & Me	author	John Grogan
Saintspeak	author	Orson Scott Card
Dr. Futurity	author	Philip K. Dick
Brian's Winter	author	Gary Paulsen
The World Made Straight	author	Ron Rash
Chicka Chicka Boom Boom	author	Bill Martin, Jr.
Chicka Chicka Boom Boom	author	John Archambault
A Rather English Marriage	author	Angela Lambert
Enigma	author	Robert Harris
The Eternal Champion	author	Michael Moorcock
Star Wars: Episode I – The Phantom Menace	author	Terry Brooks
Star Wars: Episode II – Attack of the Clones	author	R. A. Salvatore
Star Wars: From the Adventures of Luke Skywalker	author	Alan Dean Foster
The Empire Strikes Back	author	Donald F. Glut
Return of the Jedi	author	James Kahn
A Guide to the Star Wars Universe	author	Raymond L. Velasco
The Tale of Johnny Town-Mouse	author	Beatrix Potter
An Age	author	Brian Aldiss
Don't Stop the Carnival	author	Herman Wouk
Green for Danger	author	Christianna Brand
Bloody Jack	author	L.A. Meyer
Mistress of Spices	author	Chitra Banerjee Divakaruni
And Tango Makes Three	author	Peter Parnell and Justin Richardson
Dragonfly	author	Dean Koontz
Three Day Road	author	Joseph Boyden
Yume Tsukai	author	Riichi Ueshiba
The Lost Language of Cranes	author	David Leavitt
Wolfbane	author	Frederik Pohl and
Wolfbane	author	Cyril M. Kornbluth
The Space Merchants	author	Frederik Pohl and Cyril M. Kornbluth
Genma Wars	author	Kazumasa Hirai
Ultimate Girls	author	Seiichi Take
Ultimate Girls	author	Ryūsuke Hamamoto
The Princess Diaries, Volume II: Princess in the Spotlight	author	Meg Cabot
The Rag and Bone Shop	author	Robert Cormier
Codes, Ciphers and Other Cryptic and Clandestine Communication	author	Fred B. Wrixon
The Ego and the Id	author	Sigmund Freud
Solomon's Stone	author	L. Sprague de Camp
Kenji	author	Matsuda Ryuchi
Miracles on Maple Hill	author	Virginia Sorensen
Compiler	author	Kia Asamiya
My Cat Likes to Hide in Boxes	author	Eve Sutton and Lynley Dodd
Fail-Safe	author	Eugene Burdick and Harvey Wheeler
The Vampire Prince	author	Darren Shan
Vampire Rites	author	Darren Shan
The Well-Mannered War	author	Gareth Roberts
The Sands of Time	author	Justin Richards
Hunters of the Dusk	author	Darren Shan
Killers of the Dawn	author	Darren Shan
Tōi Umi kara Kita Coo	author	Tamio Kageyama
Madwand	author	Roger Zelazny
Changeling	author	Roger Zelazny
Lord Demon	author	Roger Zelazny and Jane Lindskold
Igrot Kodesh	author	Menachem Mendel Schneerson
Barney's Version	author	Mordecai Richler
The Story of Philosophy	author	Will Durant
Duino Elegies	author	Rainer Maria Rilke
World of Warcraft: Rise of the Horde	author	Christie Golden
Inukami!	author	Mamizu Arisawa
Stopped at Stalingrad	author	Joel Hayward
The Viceroy of Ouidah	author	Bruce Chatwin
Behind the Scenes at the Museum	author	Kate Atkinson
Onegai My Melody	author	Takashi Yamada
Brian's Hunt	author	Gary Paulsen
La Chatte	author	Colette
Xavras Wyżryn	author	Jacek Dukaj
Flashman	author	George MacDonald Fraser
Lost City	author	Clive Cussler, with Paul Kemprecos
Hunter	author	William Luther Pierce
When Bad Things Happen to Good People	author	Harold Kushner
The Day of the Scorpion	author	Paul Mark Scott
The Cat Who Came to Breakfast	author	Lilian Jackson Braun
Revenge of the Lawn	author	Richard Brautigan
The American Boy's Handy Book	author	Daniel Carter Beard
Royal Flash	author	George MacDonald Fraser
Flash for Freedom!	author	George MacDonald Fraser
Flashman at the Charge	author	George MacDonald Fraser
Flashman in the Great Game	author	George MacDonald Fraser
Way of Perfection	author	St. Teresa of Ávila, O.C.D.
Flashman's Lady	author	George MacDonald Fraser
Flashman and the Redskins	author	George MacDonald Fraser
Flashman and the Dragon	author	George MacDonald Fraser
Flashman and the Mountain of Light	author	George MacDonald Fraser
Flashman and the Angel of the Lord	author	George MacDonald Fraser
Flashman and the Tiger	author	George MacDonald Fraser
Flashman on the March	author	George MacDonald Fraser
Mr American	author	George MacDonald Fraser
Black Friar of the Flame	author	Isaac Asimov
The Hound	author	H. P. Lovecraft
Come In Spinner	author	Dymphna Cusack and Florence James
33 Snowfish	author	Adam Rapp
Goth Opera	author	Paul Cornell
Birdy	author	William Wharton
Heaven Knows, Mr. Allison	author	Charles Shaw
Donnerjack	author	Roger Zelazny and Jane Lindskold
Mountains Beyond Mountains	author	Tracy Kidder
The House on the Borderland	author	William Hope Hodgson
Sarum	author	Edward Rutherfurd
The Hundred Dresses	author	Eleanor Estes
Betwixt and Between	author	Albert Camus
A Dying Light in Corduba	author	Lindsey Davis
MASH: A Novel About Three Army Doctors	author	Richard Hooker
The Hunger of Sejanoz	author	Joe Dever
Where Rainbows End	author	Cecelia Ahern
The Callistan Menace	author	Isaac Asimov
The Brethren	author	Bob Woodward and Scott Armstrong
The Impending Crisis of the South	author	Hinton Rowan Helper
Cobra II	author	Michael R. Gordon and Bernard E. Trainor
Nothing Feels Good: Punk Rock, Teenagers, and Emo	author	Andy Greenwald
Archer's Goon	author	Diana Wynne Jones
The Ultimate Guide to Anal Sex for Women	author	Tristan Taormino
The Imaginary	author	Jean-Paul Sartre
Lion in the Valley	author	Elizabeth Peters
Double Whammy	author	Carl Hiaasen
Just as Long as We're Together	author	Judy Blume
Roald Dahl's Guide to Railway Safety	author	Roald Dahl
Places I Never Meant to Be	author	Judy Blume
In Custody	author	Anita Desai
Call for the Dead	author	John le Carré
A Murder of Quality	author	John le Carré
Iggie's House	author	Judy Blume
Otherwise Known as Sheila the Great	author	Judy Blume
Forever...	author	Judy Blume
The Unvanquished	author	William Faulkner
More Die of Heartbreak	author	Saul Bellow
Will You Please Be Quiet, Please%3F	author	Raymond Carver
The Incongruous Spy	author	John le Carré
Cracking India	author	Bapsi Sidhwa
Vampirium	author	Joe Dever
Lincoln the Unknown	author	Dale Carnegie
How to Stop Worrying and Start Living	author	Dale Carnegie
The Fall of Blood Mountain	author	Joe Dever
Trail of the Wolf	author	Joe Dever
Voyage of the Moonstone	author	Joe Dever
Nastanirh	author	Rabindranath Tagore
Rune War	author	Joe Dever
Mydnight's Hero	author	Joe Dever
The Tower on the Rift	author	Ian Irvine
The Way Between the Worlds	author	Ian Irvine
Dark is the Moon	author	Ian Irvine
The Eleventh Hour	author	Graeme Base
Not Before Sundown	author	Johanna Sinisalo
A Good Scent from a Strange Mountain	author	Robert Olen Butler
Definitely Maybe	author	Arkady and Boris Strugatsky
Exiles to Glory	author	Jerry Pournelle
The Spectacles	author	Edgar Allan Poe
From the Ashes	author	Carl Sargent
Wild at Heart	author	John Eldredge
The Future and Its Enemies	author	Virginia Postrel
The Phish Book	author	Phish
The Phish Book	author	Richard Gehr
Abara	author	Tsutomu Nihei
All American Boy	author	William J. Mann
Ratman's Notebooks	author	Stephen Gilbert
The Living and the Dead	author	Boileau-Narcejac
The Da Vinci Code	author	Dan Brown
Birds Without Wings	author	Louis de Bernières
Wikipedia	author	Jimmy Wales
Wikipedia	author	Larry Sanger
Tetrarch	author	Ian Irvine
Citizen Cyborg	author	James Hughes
The Rotters' Club	author	Jonathan Coe
How the Irish Saved Civilization	author	Thomas Cahill
MIT-SHM	author	X.Org Foundation
Gangtokey Gondogol	author	Satyajit Ray
The Passion According to G.H.	author	Clarice Lispector
How to Be Cool	author	Philip Pullman
A Cry in the Night	author	Mary Higgins Clark
Honus & Me	author	Dan Gutman
Another Day of Life	author	Ryszard Kapuściński
The Rainbird Pattern	author	Victor Canning
Ashes and Diamonds	author	Jerzy Andrzejewski
Trends	author	Isaac Asimov
Them: Adventures with Extremists	author	Jon Ronson
Power-Up: How Japanese Video Games Gave the World an Extra Life	author	Chris Kohler
Searching for God Knows What	author	Donald Miller
Boku wa Imōto ni Koi o Suru	author	Kotomi Aoki
The Lab	author	Jack Heath
Edinburgh	author	Alexander Chee
The Coming Storm	author	Paul Russell
A Short History of Tractors in Ukrainian	author	Marina Lewycka
The Manchurian Candidate	author	Richard Condon
Ragazzi di vita	author	Pier Paolo Pasolini
The Pain and the Great One	author	Judy Blume
Starring Sally J. Freedman as Herself	author	Judy Blume
Wifey	author	Judy Blume
Smart Women	author	Judy Blume
Fudge-a-Mania	author	Judy Blume
The Big Clock	author	Kenneth Fearing
Trace	author	Patricia Cornwell
Here's to You, Rachel Robinson	author	Judy Blume
Star King	author	Jack Vance
The One in the Middle Is the Green Kangaroo	author	Judy Blume
Burnt Offerings	author	Laurell K. Hamilton
Homo Necans	author	Walter Burkert
The Man Who Walked Through Time	author	Colin Fletcher
The Thousand-Mile Summer	author	Colin Fletcher
The Complete Walker	author	Colin Fletcher
The Complete Walker	author	Chip Rawlins
Aliens: Colonial Marines Technical Manual	author	Lee Brimmicombe-Wood
Islands in the Stream	author	Ernest Hemingway
Shadow	author	Bob Woodward
Tikki Tikki Tembo	author	Arlene Mosel
Shuttle Down	author	G. Harry Stine
The Little Black Bag	author	Cyril M. Kornbluth
A History of US	author	Joy Hakim
The Face	author	Jack Vance
The Killing Machine	author	Jack Vance
Room at the Top	author	John Braine
The Judy Blume Diary	author	Judy Blume
Letters to Judy: What Kids Wish They Could Tell You	author	Judy Blume
For the Term of His Natural Life	author	Marcus Clarke
Dragon Quest: Dai no Daibōken	author	Riku Sanjo
Corduroy	author	Don Freeman
Death in Holy Orders	author	P. D. James
The Murder Room	author	P. D. James
The Skull Beneath the Skin	author	P. D. James
Devices and Desires	author	P. D. James
Original Sin	author	P. D. James
The Interruption of Everything	author	Terry McMillan
Multitude: War and Democracy in the Age of Empire	author	Michael Hardt and Antonio Negri
Sweet Danger	author	Margery Allingham
The Silver Sword	author	Ian Serraillier
An Actor Prepares	author	Constantin Stanislavski
Tuck Everlasting	author	Natalie Babbitt
The Thing on the Doorstep and Other Weird Stories	author	H. P. Lovecraft
In Praise of Slow	author	Carl Honoré
Sideways	author	Rex Pickett
The Big Six	author	Arthur Ransome
Missee Lee	author	Arthur Ransome
The Common Sense Book of Baby and Child Care	author	Benjamin Spock
Nemesis	author	Jo Nesbø
The Tar-Aiym Krang	author	Alan Dean Foster
Bloodhype	author	Alan Dean Foster
Orphan Star	author	Alan Dean Foster
The Winter Market	author	William Gibson
The End of the Matter	author	Alan Dean Foster
Islands in the Sky	author	Arthur C. Clarke
Flinx in Flux	author	Alan Dean Foster
Menace in Europe	author	Claire Berlinski
For Love of Mother-Not	author	Alan Dean Foster
Mid-Flinx	author	Alan Dean Foster
The Poseidon Adventure	author	Paul Gallico
A Small Town in Germany	author	John le Carré
The Naïve and Sentimental Lover	author	John le Carré
A Cavern of Black Ice	author	J. V. Jones
Reunion	author	Alan Dean Foster
Solaris Containers	author	Sun Microsystems
Havana	author	Stephen Hunter
The Seven Messengers	author	Dino Buzzati
The Sterile Cuckoo	author	John Nichols
Sliding Scales	author	Alan Dean Foster
Flinx's Folly	author	Alan Dean Foster
Running from the Deity	author	Alan Dean Foster
TechCrunch	author	Michael Arrington
TechCrunch	author	Keith Teare
Trouble Magnet	author	Alan Dean Foster
Patrimony	author	Alan Dean Foster
The Eight	author	Katherine Neville
The Day of the Dissonance	author	Alan Dean Foster
The Hour of the Gate	author	Alan Dean Foster
Spellsinger	author	Alan Dean Foster
The Dharma of Star Wars	author	Matthew Bortolin
The Moment of the Magician	author	Alan Dean Foster
Atlantis Found	author	Clive Cussler
The Paths of the Perambulator	author	Alan Dean Foster
Blue Moon	author	Laurell K. Hamilton
9tail Fox	author	Jon Courtenay Grimwood
Bloomability	author	Sharon Creech
Gandalara Cycle	author	Randall Garrett
Gandalara Cycle	author	Vicki Ann Heydron
Medicine River	author	Thomas King
Charlie Siringo's West	author	Howard R. Lamar
Chinese Cinderella	author	Adeline Yen Mah
A Long Short War	author	Christopher Hitchens
Hayate the Combat Butler	author	Kenjiro Hata
Himalayan Blunder	author	John Dalvi
.007	author	Rudyard Kipling
Son of Spellsinger	author	Alan Dean Foster
The Time of the Transference	author	Alan Dean Foster
Social Choice and Individual Values	author	Kenneth Arrow
Chorus Skating	author	Alan Dean Foster
Settling Accounts: In at the Death	author	Harry Turtledove
Bazil Broketail	author	Christopher Rowley
Dragons of War	author	Christopher Rowley
Battledragon	author	Christopher Rowley
The Dragon Token	author	Melanie Rawn
Skybowl	author	Melanie Rawn
The Phishing Manual	author	Dean Budnick
Evolution of the Vertebrates	author	Edwin H. Colbert, Michael Morales, Eli C. Minkoff,
Doña Bárbara	author	Rómulo Gallegos
Vertebrate Paleontology	author	Alfred Sherwood Romer
Catriona	author	Robert Louis Stevenson
Vertebrate Palaeontology	author	Michael J. Benton
The Riddle of the Wren	author	Charles de Lint
Attack from Atlantis	author	Lester Del Rey
Chimaera	author	Ian Irvine
Scrutator	author	Ian Irvine
A Thousand Deaths	author	Jack London
Curse of the Mistwraith	author	Janny Wurts
F.M.	author	Boris Akunin
Ships of Merior	author	Janny Wurts
Warhost of Vastmark	author	Janny Wurts
Miss Hickory	author	Carolyn Sherwin Bailey
The Trial of Henry Kissinger	author	Christopher Hitchens
Harm's Way	author	James Bassett
The Second Summer of the Sisterhood	author	Ann Brashares
Ender in Exile	author	Orson Scott Card
Dalamar the Dark	author	Nancy Varian Berberick
The Last Albatross	author	Ian Irvine
All-Consuming Fire	author	Andy Lane
Terminator Gene	author	Ian Irvine
The Life Lottery	author	Ian Irvine
It's Like This, Cat	author	Emily Cheney Neville
I Put My Blue Genes On	author	Orson Scott Card
Fugitive Prince	author	Janny Wurts
Grand Conspiracy	author	Janny Wurts
Peril's Gate	author	Janny Wurts
Traitor's Knot	author	Janny Wurts
Stormed Fortress	author	Janny Wurts
How Late It Was, How Late	author	James Kelman
Killing Ground	author	Steve Lyons
Ali's Smile: Naked Scientology	author	William S. Burroughs
Alexander and the Terrible, Horrible, No Good, Very Bad Day	author	Judith Viorst
Original Sin	author	Andy Lane
The Tartar Steppe	author	Dino Buzzati
Rumic World	author	Rumiko Takahashi
The Captive Mind	author	Czesław Miłosz
The Political Zoo	author	Michael Savage
The Story of My Life	author	Helen Keller
Grantville Gazette II	author	Eric Flint, et al.
Aztec	author	Gary Jennings
Nagai Yume	author	Junji Ito
Obsidian Butterfly	author	Laurell K. Hamilton
Two Women	author	Alberto Moravia
The Spider and the Fly	author	Mary Howitt
Dragons of Argonath	author	Christopher Rowley
Londonistan: How Britain is Creating a Terror State Within	author	Melanie Phillips
Ryze	author	Adrian Scott
Dragon Ultimate	author	Christopher Rowley
Armageddon Summer	author	Jane Yolen
Armageddon Summer	author	Bruce Coville
A Dragon at Worlds' End	author	Christopher Rowley
A Fan's Notes	author	Frederick Exley
Wild Magic	author	Tamora Pierce
Hobgoblin	author	John Coyne
Primary Inversion	author	Catherine Asaro
The Symbolic Species	author	Terrence W. Deacon
The Sunday Philosophy Club	author	Alexander McCall Smith
Toxin	author	Robin Cook
Justine	author	Lawrence Durrell
1635: The Cannon Law	author	Eric Flint and
1635: The Cannon Law	author	Andrew Dennis
1634: The Baltic War	author	Eric Flint and David Weber
1634: The Galileo Affair	author	Eric Flint and
1634: The Galileo Affair	author	Andrew Dennis
Grantville Gazette III	author	Eric Flint, et al.
Rider at the Gate	author	C. J. Cherryh
Cloud's Rider	author	C. J. Cherryh
Daemontools	author	Daniel J. Bernstein
The Palace of Love	author	Jack Vance
Necessary Roughness	author	Marie G. Lee
The Prophet	author	Kahlil Gibran
Snugglepot and Cuddlepie	author	May Gibbs
King Dork	author	Frank Portman
Schott's Almanac	author	Ben Schott
The Casino Murder Case	author	S. S. Van Dine
Kissing the Gunner's Daughter	author	Ruth Rendell
Checkers	author	John Marsden
Sir Harry Hotspur of Humblethwaite	author	Anthony Trollope
The Harmony Silk Factory	author	Tash Aw
The Soul of a Butterfly	author	Muhammad Ali
The Soul of a Butterfly	author	Hana Yasmeen Ali
Being Dead	author	Jim Crace
Blitzkrieg: From the Rise of Hitler to the Fall of Dunkirk	author	Len Deighton
Google Web Toolkit	author	Google
The Autocrat of the Breakfast-Table	author	Oliver Wendell Holmes, Sr.
Cotillion	author	Georgette Heyer
The Biographer's Tale	author	A. S. Byatt
Arc Light	author	Eric L. Harry
Verdigris	author	Paul Magrs
A Fortress of Grey Ice	author	J. V. Jones
The Quiet Gentleman	author	Georgette Heyer
The Toll-Gate	author	Georgette Heyer
April Lady	author	Georgette Heyer
Dreadnought	author	Robert K. Massie
Narcissus in Chains	author	Laurell K. Hamilton
The Party of Death	author	Ramesh Ponnuru
Goodbye Piccadilly, Farewell Leicester Square	author	Arthur La Bern
Hannibal	author	Thomas Harris
The Golden Egg	author	Tim Krabbé
The Siege of Krishnapur	author	J. G. Farrell
Vulcan's Hammer	author	Philip K. Dick
Firstborn	author	Arthur C. Clarke
Firstborn	author	Stephen Baxter
Calling Out for You	author	Karin Fossum
Seeking Whom He May Devour	author	Fred Vargas
The Lover	author	Laura Wilson
Fox Evil	author	Minette Walters
A Small Death in Lisbon	author	Robert Wilson
Acid Row	author	Minette Walters
In My Father's Den	author	Maurice Gee
Blacklist	author	Sara Paretsky
Midworld	author	Alan Dean Foster
One of Ours	author	Willa Cather
Cachalot	author	Alan Dean Foster
The Fifth Quarter	author	Stephen King
Voyage to the City of the Dead	author	Alan Dean Foster
Sentenced to Prism	author	Alan Dean Foster
Sacrament	author	Clive Barker
Drowning World	author	Alan Dean Foster
The Howling Stones	author	Alan Dean Foster
In a Free State	author	V. S. Naipaul
Evil Star	author	Anthony Horowitz
The Medusa Touch	author	Peter Van Greenaway
The Hunter	author	Richard Stark
Phoenix in Obsidian	author	Michael Moorcock
The Unknown Ajax	author	Georgette Heyer
Bad Bargain	author	Diana G. Gallagher
The War of Don Emmanuel's Nether Parts	author	Louis de Bernières
Gun Blaze West	author	Nobuhiro Watsuki
Utopia	author	Lincoln Child
Blast from the Past	author	Ben Elton
Diebuster	author	Kazuya Tsurumaki
Robot Dreams	author	Isaac Asimov
The House of Dr. Edwardes	author	Francis Beeding
The City in the Autumn Stars	author	Michael Moorcock
The Laughter of Carthage	author	Michael Moorcock
Koi Koi Seven	author	Morishige
The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas	author	John Boyne
If Beale Street Could Talk	author	James Baldwin
The Archaeology of Knowledge	author	Michel Foucault
Time and Again	author	Jack Finney
The Order of Things	author	Michel Foucault
Cerulean Sins	author	Laurell K. Hamilton
The Time Travellers	author	Simon Guerrier
Zenon: Girl of the 21st Century	author	Marilyn Sadler
Gentleman Junkie and Other Stories of the Hung-Up Generation	author	Harlan Ellison
The Four Fundamental Concepts of Psychoanalysis	author	Jacques Lacan
The Emperor	author	Ryszard Kapuściński
Divided Loyalties	author	Gary Russell
The Making of a Moonie	author	Eileen Barker
Blood Harvest	author	Terrance Dicks
Iceberg	author	David Banks
The Piazza Tales	author	Herman Melville
A Demon in My View	author	Ruth Rendell
Writer of the Purple Rage	author	Joe R. Lansdale
High Cotton: Selected Stories of Joe R. Lansdale	author	Joe R. Lansdale
Mad Dog Summer and Other Stories	author	Joe R. Lansdale
Triple Feature	author	Joe R. Lansdale
The Good, The Bad, and the Indifferent	author	Joe R. Lansdale
Bumper Crop	author	Joe R. Lansdale
Noisy Nora	author	Rosemary Wells
Doing It	author	Melvin Burgess
Atomic Chili	author	Joe R. Lansdale, edited by Rick Klaw
Kamisama Kazoku	author	Yoshikazu Kuwashima
Kamisama Kazoku	author	Yoshikazu Kuwashima
Zetman	author	Masakazu Katsura
Ashanti to Zulu	author	Margaret Musgrove
The Family Trade	author	Charles Stross
The Origin of the Work of Art	author	Martin Heidegger
The Probability Broach	author	L. Neil Smith
Gamerz Heaven	author	Maki Murakami
Meccan Trade and the Rise of Islam	author	Patricia Crone
The Beast that Shouted Love at the Heart of the World	author	Harlan Ellison
Dragon Quest Retsuden: Roto no Monshō	author	Chiaki Kawamata and Junji Koyanagi
The Apple Dumpling Gang	author	Jack Bickham
Cassandra	author	C. J. Cherryh
The House of Stairs	author	Barbara Vine
Snakecharm	author	Amelia Atwater-Rhodes
Falcondance	author	Amelia Atwater-Rhodes
Thirteen Steps Down	author	Ruth Rendell
The Rottweiler	author	Ruth Rendell
Deep Secret	author	Diana Wynne Jones
The Babes in the Wood	author	Ruth Rendell
The Thief	author	Ruth Rendell
The Water's Lovely	author	Ruth Rendell
Piranha to Scurfy	author	Ruth Rendell
Shah of Shahs	author	Ryszard Kapuściński
Mr. Muo's Travelling Couch	author	Dai Sijie
The Last Night of the Yankee Dynasty	author	Buster Olney
Les Soirées de Médan	author	Émile Zola
Les Soirées de Médan	author	Guy de Maupassant
Les Soirées de Médan	author	Joris-Karl Huysmans
Les Soirées de Médan	author	Henri Céard
Les Soirées de Médan	author	Léon Hennique
Les Soirées de Médan	author	Paul Alexis
Harm Done	author	Ruth Rendell
A Sight for Sore Eyes	author	Ruth Rendell
Road Rage	author	Ruth Rendell
The Keys to the Street	author	Ruth Rendell
Kristin Lavransdatter	author	Sigrid Undset
A Fine Dark Line	author	Joe R. Lansdale
Simisola	author	Ruth Rendell
Wrong Planet	author	Alex Plank and Dan Grover
The Crocodile Bird	author	Ruth Rendell
The Copper Peacock	author	Ruth Rendell
Phylogenesis	author	Alan Dean Foster
Dirge	author	Alan Dean Foster
Shadows in Bronze	author	Lindsey Davis
Poseidon's Gold	author	Lindsey Davis
Last Act in Palmyra	author	Lindsey Davis
Ring Around the Sun	author	Isaac Asimov
Diuturnity's Dawn	author	Alan Dean Foster
Going Wrong	author	Ruth Rendell
The Bridesmaid	author	Ruth Rendell
The Veiled One	author	Ruth Rendell
Talking to Strange Men	author	Ruth Rendell
Heartstones	author	Ruth Rendell
Popular Music from Vittula	author	Mikael Niemi
An Unkindness of Ravens	author	Ruth Rendell
Woman on the Edge of Time	author	Marge Piercy
The New Girlfriend	author	Ruth Rendell
Forbidden	author	Caroline B. Cooney
The Deeds of the Disturber	author	Elizabeth Peters
Buildbot	author	warner.html
Fish in the Trap	author	Ranma Nekokichi
Petopeto-san	author	Kou Kimura
The Woman in White	author	Wilkie Collins
History	author	Isaac Asimov
A Briefer History of Time	author	Eric Schulman
A Briefer History of Time	author	Stephen Hawking
A Briefer History of Time	author	Leonard Mlodinow
OpenBIOS	author	Sun Microsystems
The Jewel in the Crown	author	Paul Mark Scott
The Towers of Silence	author	Paul Mark Scott
A Division of the Spoils	author	Paul Mark Scott
Vortex	author	Larry Bond
Vortex	author	Patrick Larkin
The Loss of El Dorado	author	V. S. Naipaul
The Winter King	author	Bernard Cornwell
Enemy of God	author	Bernard Cornwell
Glory Lane	author	Alan Dean Foster
Created By	author	Richard Christian Matheson
The Real Majority	author	Ben Wattenberg and Richard M. Scammon
Pig Island	author	Mo Hayder
The Garden of Abdul Gasazi	author	Chris Van Allsburg
The Speaker of Mandarin	author	Ruth Rendell
The Killing Doll	author	Ruth Rendell
Defective by Design	author	Free Software Foundation
Stranger in Paradise	author	Isaac Asimov
Excalibur: A Novel of Arthur	author	Bernard Cornwell
Pretty Boy	author	Orson Scott Card
Bulugh al-Maram	author	Ibn Hajar al-Asqalani
The French Connection	author	Robin Moore
Ordinary Jack	author	Helen Cresswell
Well of Shiuan	author	C. J. Cherryh
Exile's Gate	author	C. J. Cherryh
Gate of Ivrel	author	C. J. Cherryh
Fires of Azeroth	author	C. J. Cherryh
The Grand Duchy of Karameikos	author	Aaron Allston
Breakfast in the Ruins	author	Michael Moorcock
Mobile Suit Gundam SEED C.E. 73 Δ Astray	author	Tomohiro Chiba
When William Came	author	Saki
Cities in Flight	author	James Blish
Eight Days of Luke	author	Diana Wynne Jones
Specimen Days	author	Michael Cunningham
To Mock a Mockingbird	author	Raymond Smullyan
Sucker Bait	author	Isaac Asimov
Kagetora	author	Akira Segami
Et Cetera	author	Tow Nakazaki
Hostage	author	Robert Crais
After the Hole	author	Guy Burt
Jim Baen's Universe	author	Eric Flint, Jim Baen, and Mike Resnick
The Cat Ate My Gymsuit	author	Paula Danziger
The Fever Tree	author	Ruth Rendell
Master of the Moor	author	Ruth Rendell
Put on By Cunning	author	Ruth Rendell
The Lake of Darkness	author	Ruth Rendell
Means of Evil	author	Ruth Rendell
A Sleeping Life	author	Ruth Rendell
Dawn	author	Elie Wiesel
The Black Flame	author	Stanley G. Weinbaum
Torments of the Traitor	author	Ian Irvine
The Last Camel Died at Noon	author	Elizabeth Peters
Fabchannel.com	author	Justin Kniest
SD Gundam Force Emaki Musharetsuden	author	Masato Ichishiki
Atom Bomb Blues	author	Andrew Cartmel
The Thin Man	author	Dashiell Hammett
Fear Itself	author	Nick Wallace
Storm Harvest	author	Mike Tucker and Robert Perry
City at World's End	author	Christopher Bulis
Running Out of Time	author	Margaret Peterson Haddix
Player's Handbook II	author	David Noonan
Incubus Dreams	author	Laurell K. Hamilton
Agile Project Management	author	Jim Highsmith
The Most Amazing Man Who Ever Lived	author	Robert Rankin
There's a Bat in Bunk Five	author	Paula Danziger
A Thousand Lies	author	Laura Wilson
Truth and Bright Water	author	Thomas King
Body of Secrets	author	James Bamford
Apt Pupil	author	Stephen King
Something to Answer For	author	P. H. Newby
Jalna	author	Mazo de la Roche
The Fallen Curtain	author	Ruth Rendell
Shake Hands Forever	author	Ruth Rendell
The Face of Trespass	author	Ruth Rendell
Some Lie and Some Die	author	Ruth Rendell
Murder Being Once Done	author	Ruth Rendell
One Across, Two Down	author	Ruth Rendell
No More Dying Then	author	Ruth Rendell
A Guilty Thing Surprised	author	Ruth Rendell
The Best Man to Die	author	Ruth Rendell
A New Lease of Death	author	Ruth Rendell
The Secret House of Death	author	Ruth Rendell
Vanity Dies Hard	author	Ruth Rendell
To Fear a Painted Devil	author	Ruth Rendell
Ray the Animation	author	Akihito Yoshitomi
Wolf to the Slaughter	author	Ruth Rendell
Bush Studies	author	Barbara Baynton
Winter in Eden	author	Harry Harrison
The Godfather Returns	author	Mark Winegardner
The Godfather's Revenge	author	Mark Winegardner
Summer of the Monkeys	author	Wilson Rawls
Heroes of Horror	author	James Wyatt, Ari Marmell, and C.A. Suleiman
Lion's Blood	author	Steven Barnes
The Ape Who Guards the Balance	author	Elizabeth Peters
Dante's Equation	author	Jane Jensen
Two to Conquer	author	Marion Zimmer Bradley
Family Secrets	author	Norma Klein
Strikebreaker	author	Isaac Asimov
The Minotaur	author	Barbara Vine
I Am Not Spock	author	Leonard Nimoy
Afro Samurai	author	Takashi Okazaki
How Would a Patriot Act%3F	author	Glenn Greenwald
The Dream of Scipio	author	Iain Pears
The Blood Doctor	author	Barbara Vine
Mazes and Monsters	author	Rona Jaffe
Grasshopper	author	Barbara Vine
The Chimney-sweeper's Boy	author	Barbara Vine
Imagining Argentina	author	Lawrence Thornton
Red Dragon	author	Thomas Harris
Midnight Rain	author	Holly Lisle
Micah Clarke	author	Arthur Conan Doyle
Corpse Marker	author	Chris Boucher
KDE Platform 4	author	KDE
The Dragon Can't Dance	author	Earl Lovelace
Tomb of Valdemar	author	Simon Messingham
Grave Matter	author	Justin Richards
Hollywood, Interrupted	author	Mark Ebner
Hollywood, Interrupted	author	Andrew Breitbart
The Door	author	Magda Szabó
Bono: In Conversation with Michka Assayas	author	Michka Assayas
Bono: In Conversation with Michka Assayas	author	Bono
No Man Knows My History	author	Fawn McKay Brodie
Island of Death	author	Barry Letts
Imperial Moon	author	Christopher Bulis
Ancestors of Avalon	author	Marion Zimmer Bradley
Heart of TARDIS	author	Dave Stone
Wolfsbane	author	Jacqueline Rayner
The Light Princess	author	George MacDonald
Prime Time	author	Mike Tucker
Instruments of Darkness	author	Gary Russell
Bullet Time	author	David A. McIntee
Psi-ence Fiction	author	Chris Boucher
Half-Broken Things	author	Morag Joss
The Shadow in the Glass	author	Stephen Cole and Justin Richards
Asylum	author	Peter Darvill-Evans
The Master of Petersburg	author	J. M. Coetzee
Drift	author	Simon A. Forward
Living Space	author	Isaac Asimov
Relative Dementias	author	Mark Michalowski
The True Story of the Three Little Pigs	author	Jon Scieszka
Match of the Day	author	Chris Boucher
The Happy Hocky Family!	author	Lane Smith
The Algebra of Ice	author	Lloyd Rose
The Happy Hocky Family Moves to the Country!	author	Lane Smith
Synthespians™	author	Craig Hinton
Mine for Keeps	author	Jean Little
The Eleventh Tiger	author	David A. McIntee
Empire of Death	author	David Bishop
Dom Casmurro	author	Machado de Assis
Kiss the Girls	author	James Patterson
Deadly Reunion	author	Terrance Dicks and Barry Letts
Among the Betrayed	author	Margaret Peterson Haddix
The Osterman Weekend	author	Robert Ludlum
BadJocks.com	author	Bob Reno
Independence Day	author	Peter Darvill-Evans
The King of Terror	author	Keith Topping
As the Crow Flies	author	Jeffrey Archer
Last Orders	author	Graham Swift
Asimov's Guide to Shakespeare	author	Isaac Asimov
Guests of the Ayatollah	author	Mark Bowden
Rags	author	Mick Lewis
Bunker Soldiers	author	Martin Day
The Quantum Archangel	author	Craig Hinton
Superior Beings	author	Nick Walters
Byzantium!	author	Keith Topping
Jurassic Park	author	Michael Crichton
The Suns of Caresh	author	Paul Saint
The Lost Boy	author	David Pelzer
The Hawk Eternal	author	David Gemmell
The Balkans Since 1453	author	L.S. Stavrianos
Loving the Alien	author	Mike Tucker and Robert Perry
Blue Box	author	Kate Orman
Fear of the Dark	author	Trevor Baxendale
Ten Little Aliens	author	Stephen Cole
No Longer Human	author	Osamu Dazai
Warmonger	author	Terrance Dicks
Amorality Tale	author	David Bishop
Palace of the Red Sun	author	Christopher Bulis
Among the Barons	author	Margaret Peterson Haddix
Debug	author	Tim Paterson
The Foundling and Other Tales of Prydain	author	Lloyd Alexander
The White Mercedes	author	Philip Pullman
The Penguin Encyclopedia of Horror and the Supernatural	author	Jack Sullivan
The Undercover Economist	author	Tim Harford
The Front Runner	author	Patricia Nell Warren
The Bisexual Option	author	Fritz Klein
Believers	author	Naoki Yamamoto
A Pretext for War	author	James Bamford
Godless: The Church of Liberalism	author	Ann Coulter
In Search of a Distant Voice	author	Taichi Yamada
N-Space	author	Larry Niven
The Day After the Day the Martians Came	author	Frederik Pohl
A Toy for Juliette	author	Robert Bloch
The Night That All Time Broke Out	author	Brian W. Aldiss
Gonna Roll the Bones	author	Fritz Leiber
The Happy Breed	author	John Sladek
The Transcendence of the Ego	author	Jean-Paul Sartre
Ancient Society	author	Lewis H. Morgan
The Loveday Loyalty	author	Kate Tremayne
Enter the Saint	author	Leslie Charteris
My Brother Sam Is Dead	author	James Lincoln Collier and Christopher Collier
Micah	author	Laurell K. Hamilton
The Old New Land	author	Theodor Herzl
Stv.tv	author	STV
Petals on the Wind	author	V. C. Andrews
If There Be Thorns	author	V. C. Andrews
Seeds of Yesterday	author	V. C. Andrews
The Three Evangelists	author	Fred Vargas
Garden of Shadows	author	V. C. Andrews
Nausicaä of the Valley of the Wind	author	Hayao Miyazaki
The Black Book	author	Ian Rankin
There's a Boy in the Girls' Bathroom	author	Louis Sachar
Have Mercy on Us All	author	Fred Vargas
Three Lives	author	Gertrude Stein
Man on Fire	author	Philip Nicholson,
Man on Fire	author	writing as A. J. Quinnell
Web of Dreams	author	V. C. Andrews
Dawn	author	V. C. Andrews
Secrets of the Morning	author	V. C. Andrews
Twilight's Child	author	V. C. Andrews
Midnight Whispers	author	V. C. Andrews
Knots and Crosses	author	Ian Rankin
To Live Again	author	Robert Silverberg
Dance till Tomorrow	author	Naoki Yamamoto
Strangers on a Train	author	Patricia Highsmith
Psycho	author	Robert Bloch
The Deadstone Memorial	author	Trevor Baxendale
Otherness	author	David Brin
To the Slaughter	author	Stephen Cole
The Sleep of Reason	author	Martin Day
Marnie	author	Winston Graham
The River of Time	author	David Brin
Halflife	author	Mark Michalowski
Sometime Never...	author	Justin Richards
Emotional Chemistry	author	Simon A. Forward
Timeless	author	Stephen Cole
The Last Resort	author	Paul Leonard
Reckless Engineering	author	Nick Walters
The Infinity Race	author	Simon Messingham
The Domino Effect	author	David Bishop
Time Zero	author	Justin Richards
Camera Obscura	author	Lloyd Rose
History 101	author	Mags L Halliday
The Crooked World	author	Steve Lyons
The Book of the Still	author	Paul Ebbs
Trading Futures	author	Lance Parkin
The Scapegoat	author	C. J. Cherryh
Hope	author	Mark Clapham
Transformers: Victory	author	Masumi Kaneda
The %22Hitler Myth%22: Image and Reality in the Third Reich	author	Ian Kershaw
Soft City	author	Jonathan Raban
Hide and Seek	author	Ian Rankin
Tooth and Nail	author	Ian Rankin
Strip Jack	author	Ian Rankin
The Stranger	author	Chris Van Allsburg
Mortal Causes	author	Ian Rankin
Let It Bleed	author	Ian Rankin
Raskens	author	Vilhelm Moberg
Poison	author	Alexander Kielland
Black & Blue	author	Ian Rankin
Involuntary Witness	author	Gianrico Carofiglio
The Hanging Garden	author	Ian Rankin
Dead Souls	author	Ian Rankin
Set in Darkness	author	Ian Rankin
Resurrection Men	author	Ian Rankin
A Question of Blood	author	Ian Rankin
Mad Dogs and Englishmen	author	Paul Magrs
The Falls	author	Ian Rankin
The Naming of the Dead	author	Ian Rankin
Fleshmarket Close	author	Ian Rankin
Google Custom Search	author	Google
A Dictionary of Maqiao	author	Han Shaogong
The Hiding Place	author	Corrie Ten Boom
Kirarin Revolution	author	An Nakahara
Kid Stuff	author	Isaac Asimov
The Ultimate Evil	author	Wally K. Daly
Peveril of the Peak	author	Sir Walter Scott
Anne of Geierstein	author	Sir Walter Scott
Weir of Hermiston	author	Robert Louis Stevenson
The Fair Maid of Perth	author	Walter Scott
Witch Hunt	author	Ian Rankin
Bleeding Hearts	author	Ian Rankin
Blood Hunt	author	Ian Rankin
The Adventuress of Henrietta Street	author	Lawrence Miles
Grimm Reality	author	Simon Bucher-Jones and Kelly Hale
Before the Fact	author	Anthony Berkeley
Before the Fact	author	writing as Francis Iles
The Talented Mr. Ripley	author	Patricia Highsmith
The Gene Wars universe	author	C. J. Cherryh
Timewyrm: Exodus	author	Terrance Dicks
Timewyrm: Apocalypse	author	Nigel Robinson
Timewyrm: Revelation	author	Paul Cornell
Alternate Realities	author	C. J. Cherryh
On Acting	author	Laurence Olivier
Confessions of an Actor	author	Laurence Olivier
The Farseekers	author	Isobelle Carmody
Obernewtyn	author	Isobelle Carmody
The Keeping Place	author	Isobelle Carmody
Secret Windows	author	Stephen King
The Eye	author	Vladimir Nabokov
The Blackfriars of Shrewsbury	author	Paul Marsden
Darkfall	author	Isobelle Carmody
Green Patches	author	Isaac Asimov
Primal Fear	author	William Diehl
A Skeleton Key to Finnegans Wake	author	Joseph Campbell and Henry Morton Robinson
Managra	author	Stephen Marley
Beyond the Down Low	author	Keith Boykin
Drift House: The First Voyage	author	Dale Peck
The Professor of Desire	author	Philip Roth
Dreams from My Father	author	Barack Obama
The Last Hero	author	Leslie Charteris
Winner Takes All	author	Jacqueline Rayner
Devil's Game	author	Robert Dreyfuss
A Letter from the Clearys	author	Connie Willis
The Naked Woman	author	Desmond Morris
That Feeling, You Can Only Say What It Is in French	author	Stephen King
Evolution	author	John Peel
Venusian Lullaby	author	Paul Leonard
The Crystal Bucephalus	author	Craig Hinton
State of Change	author	Christopher Bulis
The Romance of Crime	author	Gareth Roberts
Millennial Rites	author	Craig Hinton
Lords of the Storm	author	David A. McIntee
Cold Fusion	author	Lance Parkin
Gyo	author	Junji Ito
Time of Your Life	author	Steve Lyons
Dancing the Code	author	Paul Leonard
The Menagerie	author	Martin Day
System Shock	author	Justin Richards
The Sorcerer's Apprentice	author	Christopher Bulis
Invasion of the Cat-People	author	Gary Russell
The Man in the Velvet Mask	author	Daniel O'Mahony
The English Way of Death	author	Gareth Roberts
The Eye of the Giant	author	Christopher Bulis
The Shadow of Weng-Chiang	author	David A. McIntee
Twilight of the Gods	author	Christopher Bulis
Speed of Flight	author	Paul Leonard
The Plotters	author	Gareth Roberts
Burning Heart	author	Dave Stone
A Device of Death	author	Christopher Bulis
The Dark Path	author	David A. McIntee
Happy Endings	author	Paul Cornell
Forty Thousand in Gehenna	author	C. J. Cherryh
The Also People	author	Ben Aaronovitch
Brigadoon: Marin & Melan	author	Nozomi Watase
The Begum's Fortune	author	Jules Verne
Space Station Seventh Grade	author	Jerry Spinelli
45	author	Bill Drummond
The Prophet of Yonwood	author	Jeanne DuPrau
Old Man's War	author	John Scalzi
Cat's Cradle: Time's Crucible	author	Marc Platt
Cat's Cradle: Warhead	author	Andrew Cartmel
Nightshade	author	Mark Gatiss
Kotencotenco	author	Atsuko Ueno
Transit	author	Ben Aaronovitch
Love and War	author	Paul Cornell
The Highest Science	author	Gareth Roberts
In Defense of Global Capitalism	author	Johan Norberg
The Pit	author	Neil Penswick
Deceit	author	Peter Darvill-Evans
Lucifer Rising	author	Jim Mortimore
Lucifer Rising	author	Andy Lane
Shadowmind	author	Christopher Bulis
White Darkness	author	David A. McIntee
Blood Heat	author	Jim Mortimore
The Dimension Riders	author	Daniel Blythe
Tragedy Day	author	Gareth Roberts
The Left-Handed Hummingbird	author	Kate Orman
No Future	author	Paul Cornell
Legacy	author	Gary Russell
Conundrum	author	Steve Lyons
Theatre of War	author	Justin Richards
To Reign in Hell	author	Steven Brust
Strange England	author	Simon Messingham
First Frontier	author	David A. McIntee
St Anthony's Fire	author	Mark Gatiss
Parasite	author	Jim Mortimore
Falls the Shadow	author	Daniel O'Mahony
Warlock	author	Andrew Cartmel
Infinite Requiem	author	Daniel Blythe
Sanctuary	author	David A. McIntee
Set Piece	author	Kate Orman
Sharpe's Waterloo	author	Bernard Cornwell
Sky Pirates!	author	Dave Stone
Zamper	author	Gareth Roberts
Toy Soldiers	author	Paul Leonard
Head Games	author	Steve Lyons
Warchild	author	Andrew Cartmel
Sleepy	author	Kate Orman
Death and Diplomacy	author	Dave Stone
GodEngine	author	Craig Hinton
Christmas on a Rational Planet	author	Lawrence Miles
Return of the Living Dad	author	Kate Orman
The Death of Art	author	Simon Bucher-Jones
Eternity Weeps	author	Jim Mortimore
The Room with No Doors	author	Kate Orman
Bad Therapy	author	Matt Jones
So Vile a Sin	author	Ben Aaronovitch
So Vile a Sin	author	Kate Orman
Twilight of the Gods	author	Mark Clapham and Jon de Burgh Miller
Artemis Fowl: The Seventh Dwarf	author	Eoin Colfer
The Piano Teacher	author	Elfriede Jelinek
The Lost Weekend	author	Charles R. Jackson
Devil to the Belt	author	C. J. Cherryh
The City of the Dead	author	Lloyd Rose
The Bodysnatchers	author	Mark Morris
War of the Daleks	author	John Peel
Dark Progeny	author	Steve Emmerson
Genocide	author	Paul Leonard
The Slow Empire	author	Dave Stone
The Year of Intelligent Tigers	author	Kate Orman
The Innocent Man: Murder and Injustice in a Small Town	author	John Grisham
Kursaal	author	Peter Anghelides
Alien Bodies	author	Lawrence Miles
Option Lock	author	Justin Richards
Eater of Wasps	author	Trevor Baxendale
Vanishing Point	author	Stephen Cole
Revolutionary Wealth	author	Alvin Toffler
EarthWorld	author	Jacqueline Rayner
The God Delusion	author	Richard Dawkins
To Ride Pegasus	author	Anne McCaffrey
Escape Velocity	author	Colin Brake
Father Time	author	Lance Parkin
Endgame	author	Terrance Dicks
The Turing Test	author	Paul Leonard
The Burning	author	Justin Richards
Gokudo	author	Usagi Nakamura
The Banquo Legacy	author	Andy Lane
The Banquo Legacy	author	Justin Richards
The Space Age	author	Steve Lyons
The Doll	author	Bolesław Prus
Coldheart	author	Trevor Baxendale
Kamen Rider SD	author	Kei Aoki
Kamen Rider SD	author	Hiroshi Katō
Kamen Rider SD	author	Takeshi Tamai
Kamen Rider SD	author	Minoru Nonaka
Kamen Rider SD	author	Yūji Hosoi
The Outpost	author	Bolesław Prus
Longest Day	author	Michael Collier
Legacy of the Daleks	author	John Peel
Dreamstone Moon	author	Paul Leonard
Seeing I	author	Jonathan Blum and Kate Orman
Placebo Effect	author	Gary Russell
The Fall of Yquatine	author	Nick Walters
The Taking of Planet 5	author	Simon Bucher-Jones
The Taking of Planet 5	author	Mark Clapham
The Taint	author	Michael Collier
The Face-Eater	author	Simon Messingham
Beltempest	author	Jim Mortimore
The Blue Angel	author	Paul Magrs and Jeremy Hoad
The Janus Conjunction	author	Trevor Baxendale
Frontier Worlds	author	Peter Anghelides
Vanderdeken's Children	author	Christopher Bulis
Parallel 59	author	Stephen Cole
Parallel 59	author	Natalie Dallaire
The Scarlet Empress	author	Paul Magrs
Someday Angeline	author	Louis Sachar
The Shadows of Avalon	author	Paul Cornell
Demontage	author	Justin Richards
Revolution Man	author	Paul Leonard
Dominion	author	Nick Walters
Unnatural History	author	Jonathan Blum and Kate Orman
Autumn Mist	author	David A. McIntee
Interference – Book One	author	Lawrence Miles
Interference – Book Two	author	Lawrence Miles
The People of Paper	author	Salvador Plascencia
The Tinderbox	author	Hans Christian Andersen
Featuring the Saint	author	Leslie Charteris
The Hollywood Takes	author	Michael de Larrabeiti
The Bunce	author	Michael de Larrabeiti
A Rose Beyond the Thames	author	Michael de Larrabeiti
The Redwater Raid	author	Michael de Larrabeiti writing as \
French Leave	author	Michael de Larrabeiti
A Martian Odyssey	author	Stanley G. Weinbaum
IsoHunt	author	Anonymous work
Alias the Saint	author	Leslie Charteris
She Was a Lady	author	Leslie Charteris
The Man Who Loved Flowers	author	Stephen King
The Bronze God of Rhodes	author	L. Sprague de Camp
Saving the Queen	author	William F. Buckley, Jr.
Night Work	author	Laurie R. King
With Child	author	Laurie R. King
A Monstrous Regiment of Women	author	Laurie R. King
Stained Glass	author	William F. Buckley, Jr.
The Art of Detection	author	Laurie R. King
A Letter of Mary	author	Laurie R. King
The Black Moth	author	Georgette Heyer
To Play the Fool	author	Laurie R. King
Absolute Zero	author	Helen Cresswell
The Holy Terror	author	Leslie Charteris
Getaway	author	Leslie Charteris
Once More the Saint	author	Leslie Charteris
Ship of Fools	author	Dave Stone
Down	author	Lawrence Miles
Deadfall	author	Gary Russell
Ghost Devices	author	Simon Bucher-Jones
Tempest	author	Christopher Bulis
Mean Streets	author	Terrance Dicks
The Medusa Effect	author	Justin Richards
Oblivion	author	Dave Stone
Dry Pilgrimage	author	Paul Leonard and Nick Walters
The Sword of Forever	author	Jim Mortimore
Another Girl, Another Planet	author	Len Beech and Martin Day
Where Angels Fear	author	Rebecca Levene and Simon Winstone
Beige Planet Mars	author	Lance Parkin and Mark Clapham
The Mary-Sue Extrusion	author	Dave Stone
Dead Romance	author	Lawrence Miles
Tears of the Oracle	author	Justin Richards
The Joy Device	author	Justin Richards
Return to the Fractured Planet	author	Dave Stone
Presumed Innocent	author	Scott Turow
Serpent's Reach	author	C. J. Cherryh
The Saint Goes On	author	Leslie Charteris
An Elephant for Aristotle	author	L. Sprague de Camp
The Misfortunes of Mr. Teal	author	Leslie Charteris
Billiards at Half-Past Nine	author	Heinrich Böll
The Brighter Buccaneer	author	Leslie Charteris
Boodle	author	Leslie Charteris
Kage Kara Mamoru!	author	Taro Achi
Kage Kara Mamoru!	author	Achi Taro
Seven Little Australians	author	Ethel Turner
Contingency, Hegemony, Universality	author	Judith Butler
Contingency, Hegemony, Universality	author	Ernesto Laclau
Contingency, Hegemony, Universality	author	Slavoj Žižek
Stalingrad	author	Antony Beevor
What to Do After You Hit Return	author	Bob Albrecht
Valley of Dreams	author	Stanley G. Weinbaum
Killing Time in St. Cloud	author	Judith Guest and
Killing Time in St. Cloud	author	Rebecca Hill
The Ace of Knaves	author	Leslie Charteris
Thieves' Picnic	author	Leslie Charteris
Around the Moon	author	Jules Verne
The Fall of Neskaya	author	Marion Zimmer Bradley
The Fall of Neskaya	author	Deborah J. Ross
Prelude for War	author	Leslie Charteris
The Devil's Tune	author	Iain Duncan Smith
The Doctor's Wife	author	Sawako Ariyoshi
Follow the Saint	author	Leslie Charteris
The Happy Highwayman	author	Leslie Charteris
The Saint in Miami	author	Leslie Charteris
Head Down	author	Stephen King
The Saint Goes West	author	Leslie Charteris
Saturnin	author	Zdeněk Jirotka
The Day of the Dog	author	George Barr McCutcheon
The Saint Steps In	author	Leslie Charteris
The Saint on Guard	author	Leslie Charteris
The Saint Sees it Through	author	Leslie Charteris
Call for the Saint	author	Leslie Charteris
Saint Errant	author	Leslie Charteris
Throat Sprockets	author	Tim Lucas
The Saint in Europe	author	Leslie Charteris
The Saint on the Spanish Main	author	Leslie Charteris
The Saint Around the World	author	Leslie Charteris
Thanks to the Saint	author	Leslie Charteris
The Hardy Boys Detective Handbook	author	Franklin W. Dixon
The Third	author	Ryo Hoshino
The 80s: A Look Back at the Tumultuous Decade 1980-1989	author	Tony Hendra, Christopher Cerf and Peter Elbling
Concept of the Corporation	author	Peter Drucker
Tokko	author	Tohru Fujisawa
Desecration	author	Tim LaHaye and Jerry B. Jenkins
The Regime	author	Tim LaHaye and Jerry B. Jenkins
The Forgotten Enemy	author	Arthur C. Clarke
Rimrunners	author	C. J. Cherryh
Señor Saint	author	Leslie Charteris
The Saint to the Rescue	author	Leslie Charteris
Finity's End	author	C. J. Cherryh
Merchanter's Luck	author	C. J. Cherryh
Tripoint	author	C. J. Cherryh
Trust the Saint	author	Leslie Charteris
The Saint in the Sun	author	Leslie Charteris
Vuk	author	István Fekete
Economics	author	Paul Samuelson
Glide Path	author	Arthur C. Clarke
Kira-Kira	author	Cynthia Kadohata
A Feast Unknown	author	Philip Jose Farmer
An Anthropologist on Mars	author	Oliver Sacks
Eternity	author	Greg Bear
The Last Season: A Team in Search of Its Soul	author	Phil Jackson and Michael Arkush
Draconomicon	author	Nigel Findley, Christopher Kubasik, Carl Sargent, John Terra, and William Tracy
Draconomicon	author	Andy Collins, Skip Williams, James Wyatt
The Organon of the Healing Art	author	Samuel Hahnemann
The Sensualist	author	Ihara Saikaku
Lament of the Lamb	author	Kei Toume
Ghost Stories of an Antiquary	author	M. R. James
The Saint on TV	author	Fleming Lee, based upon teleplays by John Kruse and characters by Leslie Charteris
The Two of Them	author	Joanna Russ
The Saint Returns	author	Fleming Lee
The Saint and the Fiction Makers	author	Fleming Lee
The Saint Abroad	author	Fleming Lee
The Saint in Pursuit	author	Fleming Lee and Leslie Charteris
The Zanzibar Cat	author	Joanna Russ
The Highlanders	author	Gerry Davis
The Dragon of the Ishtar Gate	author	L. Sprague de Camp
The Blue Equinox	author	Aleister Crowley
Lord of the Trees	author	Philip José Farmer
Never End	author	Ake Edwardson
The Saint and the People Importers	author	Fleming Lee and Leslie Charteris, based on the teleplay by Donald James
Walkabout	author	James Vance Marshall
Catch the Saint	author	Fleming Lee, based upon stories by Norman Worker, and characters by Leslie Charteris
The Saint and the Hapsburg Necklace	author	Christopher Short, based on characters by Leslie Charteris
Locked Rooms	author	Laurie R. King
Towards the End of the Morning	author	Michael Frayn
Lost	author	Gregory Maguire
Lost Souls	author	Poppy Z. Brite
Exquisite Corpse	author	Poppy Z. Brite
Fairy Tales	author	Terry Jones
Limited Inc	author	Jacques Derrida
The Vladimirov Diaries	author	Peter Vladimirov
Send for the Saint	author	Peter Bloxsom, based upon stories by John Kruse and Donald James, and characters by Leslie Charteris
The Saint in Trouble	author	Graham Weaver, based upon a teleplay by Terence Feely, a story by John Kruse, and characters by Leslie Charteris
The Saint and the Templar Treasure	author	Graham Weaver and Donne Avenell, based on characters by Leslie Charteris
Salvage for the Saint	author	Peter Bloxsom and John Kruse, based on characters by Leslie Charteris
Count on the Saint	author	Graham Weaver and Donne Avenell, based upon characters by Leslie Charteris
Capture the Saint	author	Burl Barer, based on characters by Leslie Charteris
A Boy in France	author	J. D. Salinger
Half-Life	author	Aaron Krach
When the People Fell	author	Cordwainer Smith
When the People Fell	author	Genevieve Linebarger
When the People Fell	author	Frederik Pohl
When the People Fell	author	Hank Davis
The Interesting Narrative of the Life of Olaudah Equiano	author	Olaudah Equiano
Londonstani	author	Gautam Malkani
Freckles	author	Gene Stratton-Porter
A Whole New Mind	author	Daniel H. Pink
Profiles in Terror	author	Aaron Mannes
The Darkest Road	author	Guy Gavriel Kay
Moondyne	author	John Boyle O'Reilly
The Beautiful Boy	author	Germaine Greer
The Flanders Panel	author	Arturo Pérez-Reverte
The Secret World of Og	author	Pierre Berton
The Fourth Bear	author	Jasper Fforde
The Ordeal of Gilbert Pinfold	author	Evelyn Waugh
Letter to a Christian Nation	author	Sam Harris
Insatiability	author	Stanisław Ignacy Witkiewicz
The Right to Arm Bears	author	Gordon R. Dickson
Kanz al-Ummal	author	Ali ibn Abd-al-Malik al-Hindi
The Snake, the Crocodile, and the Dog	author	Elizabeth Peters
Ealdwood	author	C. J. Cherryh
The Dreamstone	author	C. J. Cherryh
The Tree of Swords and Jewels	author	C. J. Cherryh
The Charnel Prince	author	Gregory Keyes
The Sweetest Fig	author	Chris Van Allsburg
Modesty Blaise	author	Peter O'Donnell
A Taste for Death	author	Peter O'Donnell
Sabre-Tooth	author	Peter O'Donnell
The Impossible Virgin	author	Peter O'Donnell
Last Day in Limbo	author	Peter O'Donnell
The Xanadu Talisman	author	Peter O'Donnell
Dragon's Claw	author	Peter O'Donnell
The Night of Morningstar	author	Peter O'Donnell
Dead Man's Handle	author	Peter O'Donnell
Jack Maggs	author	Peter Carey
Amy Foster	author	Joseph Conrad
The Final Reflection	author	John M. Ford
Battle Angel Alita: Last Order	author	Yukito Kishiro
The Book on Adler	author	Søren Kierkegaard
Junior	author	Macaulay Culkin
Who Killed Kennedy	author	David Bishop
Attacker You!	author	Jun Makimura
Attacker You!	author	Shizuo Koizumi
Ragnarock City	author	Satoshi Urushihara
The Gospel According to Adam	author	Muhammad Aladdin
The Frog Prince, Continued	author	Jon Scieszka
Race, Evolution, and Behavior	author	J. Philippe Rushton
The Wild Geese	author	Mori Ogai
A Certain Woman	author	Arishima Takeo
After the First Death	author	Robert Cormier
Un Lun Dun	author	China Miéville
The Book of Sulaym ibn Qays	author	Sulaym ibn Qays
Mutineers' Moon	author	David Weber
The Keeper of the Isis Light	author	Monica Hughes
Tarzan: The Epic Adventures	author	R. A. Salvatore
The Last Thing He Wanted	author	Joan Didion
Conundrum	author	Jeff Crook
Cuckoo's Egg	author	C. J. Cherryh
The Lioness	author	Nancy Varian Berberick
Dark Thane	author	Jeff Crook
Vampirates: Demons of the Ocean	author	Justin Somper
Spin	author	Robert Charles Wilson
Mosquitoes	author	William Faulkner
Fear Is the Key	author	Alistair MacLean
Darwin Streaming Server	author	Apple Inc.
Borkmann's Point	author	Håkan Nesser
Parasite Planet	author	Stanley G. Weinbaum
Dr. Franklin's Island	author	Ann Halam
Memoirs of a Survivor	author	Doris Lessing
The Twenty-Seventh City	author	Jonathan Franzen
The Bancroft Strategy	author	Robert Ludlum
Australia in the War of 1939–1945	author	Gavin Long  and twelve other principal authors
Glass and Amber	author	C. J. Cherryh
Itv.com	author	ITV
The Silver Donkey	author	Sonya Hartnett
Back in the USSA	author	Eugene Byrne
Back in the USSA	author	Kim Newman
The Motel Life	author	Willy Vlautin
Vampire Knight	author	Matsuri Hino
Bro	author	Vern Paxson
The Hammer and the Cross	author	Harry Harrison and \
Youth	author	Isaac Asimov
The Hippopotamus Pool	author	Elizabeth Peters
Ode to Gallantry	author	Jin Yong
That Book ...of Perfectly Useless Information	author	Mitchell Symons
The Mad Goblin	author	Philip José Farmer
What Dreams May Come	author	Richard Matheson
Abbey Series	author	Elsie J. Oxenham
Now It's My Turn	author	Mary Cheney
The Peacekeepers	author	Gene DeWeese
Strike Zone	author	Peter David
Charlotte Gray	author	Sebastian Faulks
The Theory of Communicative Action	author	Jürgen Habermas
Dragons of Light	author	Orson Scott Card
Blackrock	author	Nick Enright
Suicide Circle: The Complete Edition	author	Sion Sono
Betsey Brown	author	Ntozake Shange
Outrageous Betrayal	author	Steven Pressman
Belle Kendrick Abbott	author	Belle K. Abbott
A Beautiful Mind	author	Sylvia Nasar
Or Die Trying	author	Sean Williams
Or Die Trying	author	Shane Dix
Q & A	author	Vikas Swarup
Wash This Blood Clean from My Hand	author	Fred Vargas
The Night Listener	author	Armistead Maupin
The Golden Wind	author	L. Sprague de Camp
The Arrangement	author	Elia Kazan
Level E	author	Yoshihiro Togashi
District and Circle	author	Seamus Heaney
The Log from the Sea of Cortez	author	John Steinbeck
Paul McCartney: Many Years from Now	author	Barry Miles
The Animator's Survival Kit	author	Richard Williams
Woodsmen of the West	author	Martin Allerdale Grainger
The Art of Dreaming	author	Carlos Castaneda
RealClearPolitics	author	John McIntyre, Tom Bevan
Between Silk and Cyanide	author	Leo Marks
The Last Unicorn	author	Peter S. Beagle
The Coal Question	author	William Stanley Jevons
Programming the Universe	author	Seth Lloyd
Career Guide to Industries	author	United States Department of Labor
SD Gundam Musha Banchō Fūunroku	author	Masato Ichishiki
The Outpost	author	Mike Resnick
Diplomatic Immunity	author	Lois McMaster Bujold
Gregor and the Prophecy of Bane	author	Suzanne Collins
Gregor and the Curse of the Warmbloods	author	Suzanne Collins
Gregor and the Marks of Secret	author	Suzanne Collins
Gakuen Alice	author	Higuchi Tachibana
Satan Speaks!	author	Anton LaVey
The Beast Master	author	Andre Norton
The Sacred Art of Stealing	author	Christopher Brookmyre
The Planet of Doubt	author	Stanley G. Weinbaum
Poodle Springs	author	Raymond Chandler and Robert B. Parker
Rockstar Advanced Game Engine	author	Angel Studios
Betrayal	author	Bill Gertz
The Abyssinian	author	Jean-Christophe Rufin
The Type One Super Robot	author	Alison Prince
Parallel Virtual File System	author	Clemson University
Parallel Virtual File System	author	Argonne National Laboratory
Parallel Virtual File System	author	Ohio Supercomputer Center
The Electronic Revolution	author	William S. Burroughs
World War Z	author	Max Brooks
The Tenth Insight: Holding the Vision	author	James Redfield
Beatrice's Goat	author	Page McBrier
The Guardian of Isis	author	Monica Hughes
The Isis Pedlar	author	Monica Hughes
Breakdown: How America's Intelligence Failures Led to September 11	author	Bill Gertz
The Howling	author	Gary Brandner
MLB.com	author	Major League Baseball
Postmodernism, or, the Cultural Logic of Late Capitalism	author	Fredric Jameson
Eight Little Piggies	author	Stephen Jay Gould
An Urchin in the Storm	author	Stephen Jay Gould
The Flamingo's Smile	author	Stephen Jay Gould
The Panda's Thumb	author	Stephen Jay Gould
The Unwritten Girl	author	James Bow
Sten Adventures Book 1: Sten	author	Chris Bunch and Allan Cole
Monkeewrench	author	P. J. Tracy
The Broom of the System	author	David Foster Wallace
Live Bait	author	P. J. Tracy
The Foot Book	author	Dr. Seuss
Mr. Brown Can Moo! Can You%3F	author	Dr. Seuss
The Disowned Self	author	Nathaniel Branden
What's Michael%3F	author	Makoto Kobayashi
Seeing a Large Cat	author	Elizabeth Peters
TJ-2	author	Peter Samson
The Reaper's Image	author	Stephen King
For Owen	author	Stephen King
The Parched Sea	author	Troy Denning
Living Greyhawk Gazetteer	author	Gary Holian
Living Greyhawk Gazetteer	author	Erik Mona
Living Greyhawk Gazetteer	author	Sean K Reynolds
Living Greyhawk Gazetteer	author	Frederick Weining
Feathertop	author	Nathaniel Hawthorne
My Uncle Napoleon	author	Iraj Pezeshkzad
The Reach	author	Stephen King
Unknown Man No. 89	author	Elmore Leonard
The Lone Ranger and Tonto Fistfight in Heaven	author	Sherman Alexie
Beasts of No Nation	author	Uzodinma Iweala
Big Fish: A Novel of Mythic Proportions	author	Daniel Wallace
The Lotus Eaters	author	Stanley G. Weinbaum
Mao Tse-tung: Ruler of Red China	author	Pierre Stephen Robert Payne
Facing the Flag	author	Jules Verne
The Mirror of Production	author	Jean Baudrillard
Beyond the Black Stump	author	Nevil Shute
Brooklyn August	author	Stephen King
Sleeping with the Devil	author	Robert Baer
The War Machine	author	Roger Macbride Allen
The War Machine	author	David Drake
Riders in the Chariot	author	Patrick White
Bergdorf Blondes	author	Plum Sykes
Cleopatra	author	H. Rider Haggard
Demonbane	author	Nitroplus
Demonbane	author	Takashi Tanegashima
Blades of the Tiger	author	Chris Pierson
When the Wind Blows	author	James Patterson
Acquainted with the Night	author	Christopher Dewdney
Wheelock's Latin	author	Frederic M. Wheelock
Memos from Purgatory	author	Harlan Ellison
Like Colour to the Blind	author	Donna Williams
Sellevision	author	Augusten Burroughs
Raymond Chandler Speaking	author	Raymond Chandler; edited by Dorothy Gardiner and Kathrine Sorley Walker
The Riddle	author	Alison Croggon
The Mocking Program	author	Alan Dean Foster
The World Swappers	author	John Brunner
Full House: The Spread of Excellence from Plato to Darwin	author	Steven Jay Gould
ReachOut.com	author	about.au.reachout.com
The Martian Sphinx	author	John Brunner writing as Keith Woodcott
Double, Double	author	John Brunner
The Infinitive of Go	author	John Brunner
Night Fall	author	Nelson DeMille
Valhalla Rising	author	Clive Cussler
Inca Gold	author	Clive Cussler
Period Piece	author	Gwen Raverat
Flatlander	author	Larry Niven
Expensive Desk Calculator	author	Robert A. Wagner
War of the Worlds: New Millennium	author	Douglas Niles
Generation %22П%22	author	Victor Pelevin
Wild Energy. Lana	author	Maryna and Serhiy Dyachenko
Stolen	author	Kelley Armstrong
Dime Store Magic	author	Kelley Armstrong
Industrial Magic	author	Kelley Armstrong
Operation Hell Gate	author	Marc Cerasini
Chaotic	author	Kelley Armstrong
Haunted	author	Kelley Armstrong
Broken	author	Kelley Armstrong
Plum Island	author	Nelson DeMille
The Lion's Game	author	Nelson DeMille
Beastly	author	Alex Flinn
The Great War: Walk in Hell	author	Harry Turtledove
I'd Tell You I Love You, But Then I'd Have to Kill You	author	Ally Carter
American Empire: The Victorious Opposition	author	Harry Turtledove
Come over to My House	author	Dr. Seuss
Return to Eden	author	Harry Harrison
Boogiepop and Others	author	Kouhei Kadono
Boogiepop and Others	author	Kouji Ogata
Ugly Rumours	author	Tobias Wolff
The Third World War: The Untold Story	author	John Winthrop Hackett Junior
Carbonel: The King of the Cats	author	Barbara Sleigh
We Gotta Get out of This Place: Popular Conservatism and Postmodern Culture	author	Lawrence Grossberg
Conrad's Fate	author	Diana Wynne Jones
The Voyage Out	author	Virginia Woolf
Spadework	author	Timothy Findley
Sweet Silver Blues	author	Glen Cook
Bitter Gold Hearts	author	Glen Cook
Cold Copper Tears	author	Glen Cook
Old Tin Sorrows	author	Glen Cook
Dread Brass Shadows	author	Glen Cook
Red Iron Nights	author	Glen Cook
Deadly Quicksilver Lies	author	Glen Cook
Petty Pewter Gods	author	Glen Cook
Faded Steel Heat	author	Glen Cook
Angry Lead Skies	author	Glen Cook
Whispering Nickel Idols	author	Glen Cook
The Pilgrims of Rayne	author	D. J. MacHale
The Magician	author	Sol Stein
Tex	author	S.E. Hinton
Built to Last: Successful Habits of Visionary Companies	author	Jim Collins and Jerry I. Porras
The Day of Revolution	author	Mikiyo Tsuda
Family Complex	author	Mikiyo Tsuda
Q.E.D.	author	Motohiro Katou
Radical Evolution	author	Joel Garreau
When Heaven Fell	author	William Barton
Unaccompanied Sonata and Other Stories	author	Orson Scott Card
The Fright of Real Tears	author	Slavoj Žižek
The Collapse of the Third Republic	author	William Shirer
Lord Randy, My Son	author	Joe L. Hensley
Auto-da-Fé	author	Roger Zelazny
Land of the Great Horses	author	R. A. Lafferty
Coots in the North	author	Arthur Ransome
Together	author	Dimitrea Tokunbo
QuickView	author	*
QuickView	author	Inso Corporation
QuickView	author	JASC
QuickView	author	Corel Corporation
QuickView	author	IntraNet Solutions, Inc.
QuickView	author	Stellent, Inc.
QuickView	author	Avantstar, Inc.
Food Fight: The Inside Story of the Food Industry	author	Kelly D. Brownell
Black Sheep	author	Georgette Heyer
Inconstant Star	author	Poul Anderson
50 in 50	author	Harry Harrison
Boogiepop Returns: VS Imaginator Part 1	author	Kouhei Kadono
The Devil in Love	author	Jacques Cazotte
Hikari no Densetsu	author	Izumi Aso
Doctor Omega	author	Arnould Galopin
Lovemark	author	Kevin Roberts
The Black Company	author	Glen Cook
Shadows Linger	author	Glen Cook
The White Rose	author	Glen Cook
The Silver Spike	author	Glen Cook
Shadow Games	author	Glen Cook
Dreams of Steel	author	Glen Cook
Bleak Seasons	author	Glen Cook
She Is the Darkness	author	Glen Cook
Water Sleeps	author	Glen Cook
Soldiers Live	author	Glen Cook
Till Death Do Us Part	author	Lurlene McDaniel
Twilight Watch	author	Sergei Lukyanenko
Uncle Otto's Truck	author	Stephen King
Wanted for Murder	author	Leslie Charteris
The Camomile Lawn	author	Mary Wesley
The Yeshiva	author	Chaim Grade
Death of a Citizen	author	Donald Hamilton
The Long Hard Road Out of Hell	author	Marilyn Manson
The Long Hard Road Out of Hell	author	Neil Strauss
Miracle in the Andes	author	Nando Parrado
Miracle in the Andes	author	Vince Rause
Haruka: Beyond the Stream of Time	author	Tohko Mizuno
Murder on the Midnight Plane	author	Gaby Waters
The New Centurions	author	Joseph Wambaugh
Rough Crossings	author	Simon Schama
Consent to Kill	author	Vince Flynn
New Keywords	author	Tony Bennett, Lawrence Grossberg and Meaghan Morris
Classic of Filial Piety	author	Confucius
Hiroki Endo's Tanpenshu	author	Hiroki Endo
To Be the Man	author	Ric Flair
To Be the Man	author	Keith Elliot Greenberg
The Wrecking Crew	author	Donald Hamilton
Faery in Shadow	author	C. J. Cherryh
Watching Fuckin' TV All Time Makes a Fool	author	Naoki Yamamoto
Spartacus	author	Howard Fast
MAZE: Solve the World's Most Challenging Puzzle	author	Christopher Manson
Trail of the Black Wyrm	author	Chris Pierson
To Build a Fire	author	Jack London
Arigatō	author	Naoki Yamamoto
Brothers of Earth	author	C. J. Cherryh
Hunter of Worlds	author	C. J. Cherryh
Manservant and Maidservant	author	Ivy Compton-Burnett
A House and Its Head	author	Ivy Compton-Burnett
Sara Payne: A Mother's Story	author	Sara Payne
In the Belly of the Green Bird	author	Nir Rosen
Two Weeks with the Queen	author	Morris Gleitzman
Tactics of Mistake	author	Gordon R. Dickson
Colossal Typewriter	author	John McCarthy and Roland Silver
His Master's Voice	author	Stanisław Lem
The Convent of Hell	author	Ricardo Barreiro
Gil's All Fright Diner	author	A. Lee Martinez
Q·Ko-chan: The Earth Invader Girl	author	Hajime Ueda
The Armageddon Inheritance	author	David Weber
What a Life!	author	E. V. Lucas
What a Life!	author	George Morrow
Harmony Compiler	author	Peter Samson
Hestia	author	C. J. Cherryh
I, Lucifer	author	Glen Duncan
Tokyo Love Story	author	Fumi Saimon
The Falcon at the Portal	author	Elizabeth Peters
He Shall Thunder in the Sky	author	Elizabeth Peters
The Crimson Petal and the White	author	Michel Faber
The Paladin	author	C. J. Cherryh
The Seeing Stone	author	Kevin Crossley-Holland
The Mad Moon	author	Stanley G. Weinbaum
Freaks	author	Ashika Sakura
Girl with Curious Hair	author	David Foster Wallace
The Curse of the Gloamglozer	author	Paul Stewart
The Curse of the Gloamglozer	author	Chris Riddell
The Castle of Terror	author	L. Sprague de Camp and Lin Carter
Alanna: The First Adventure	author	Tamora Pierce
In the Hand of the Goddess	author	Tamora Pierce
Lioness Rampant	author	Tamora Pierce
The Woman Who Rides Like a Man	author	Tamora Pierce
Someone like You	author	Sarah Dessen
Fletch	author	Gregory Mcdonald
A Random Walk Down Wall Street	author	Burton Malkiel
Bump in the Night	author	Isabelle Holland
The Cosmic Puppets	author	Philip K. Dick
Beasts and Super-Beasts	author	Saki
Wolf-Speaker	author	Tamora Pierce
Emperor Mage	author	Tamora Pierce
The Realms of the Gods	author	Tamora Pierce
Racism Explained to My Daughter	author	Tahar Ben Jelloun
Shadows on the Stars	author	T. A. Barron
The Removers	author	Donald Hamilton
Ennin's Diary: The Record of a Pilgrimage to China in Search of the Law	author	Ennin
AppleWin	author	Mike O'Brien
Miami Psychic	author	Regina Milbourne
The Lazarus Heart	author	Poppy Z. Brite
A Child in the Dark, and a Foreign Father	author	Henry Lawson
Hornblower and the Widow McCool	author	C. S. Forester
Amongst Women	author	John McGahern
Matter	author	Iain Banks
Millennium Snow	author	Bisco Hatori
Lords of the Levee	author	Lloyd Wendt and Herman Kogan
Transdimensional Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles	author	Erick Wujcik
The Body Snatchers	author	Jack Finney
HylaFAX	author	Sam Leffler
Devlin's Luck	author	Patricia Bray
The Secret Pilgrim	author	John le Carré
Danse Macabre	author	Laurell K. Hamilton
The Cutting Edge	author	Dave Duncan
Ten Little Wizards	author	Michael Kurland
A Study in Sorcery	author	Michael Kurland
The Legend of Zelda: Hyrule Historia	author	Nintendo
The Lawnmower Man	author	Stephen King
Operation Luna	author	Poul Anderson
Learning the World	author	Ken MacLeod
Bernard the Brave	author	Margery Sharp
Worldwar: In the Balance	author	Harry Turtledove
Bel Canto	author	Ann Patchett
Midnight Panther	author	Yu Asagiri
Theft: A Love Story	author	Peter Carey
Sarah	author	JT LeRoy
The Singer of All Songs	author	Kate Constable
Iracema	author	José de Alencar
The Waterless Sea	author	Kate Constable
The Only Investment Guide You'll Ever Need	author	Andrew Tobias
Albion's Seed	author	David Hackett Fischer
The Ruins of Gorlan	author	John Flanagan
The Burning Bridge	author	John Flanagan
The Tenth Power	author	Kate Constable
The Last of the Wine	author	Mary Renault
The Ancient Economy	author	Moses I. Finley
A Double Buggy at Lahey's Creek	author	Henry Lawson
Worldwar: Tilting the Balance	author	Harry Turtledove
Lord of the Silent	author	Elizabeth Peters
The Golden One	author	Elizabeth Peters
Children of the Storm	author	Elizabeth Peters
Guardian of the Horizon	author	Elizabeth Peters
Tomb of the Golden Bird	author	Elizabeth Peters
The Serpent on the Crown	author	Elizabeth Peters
The Beggar and the Diamond	author	Stephen King
Mitch and Amy	author	Beverly Cleary
Ramona the Brave	author	Beverly Cleary
The Loaded Dog	author	Henry Lawson
A Return to Love	author	Marianne Williamson
I, Tina	author	Tina Turner
The Caine Mutiny	author	Herman Wouk
Redemption Cairn	author	Stanley G. Weinbaum
Brain Droppings	author	George Carlin
Mouse	author	Satoru Akahori
Agharta	author	Takaharu Matsumoto
Land of the Blindfolded	author	Sakura Tsukuba
On the Edge of a Plain	author	Henry Lawson
If Morning Ever Comes	author	Anne Tyler
Olympos	author	Dan Simmons
The Thirteen Problems	author	Agatha Christie
Ramona and Her Father	author	Beverly Cleary
Ramona and Her Mother	author	Beverly Cleary
Ellen Tebbits	author	Beverly Cleary
The First Casualty	author	Ben Elton
Kermit the Hermit	author	Bill Peet
1901	author	Robert Conroy
The Watsons	author	Jane Austen
The Akhenaten Adventure	author	Philip Kerr
In the Night Kitchen	author	Maurice Sendak
When Patty Went to College	author	Jean Webster
DonationCoder.com	author	Jesse Reichler
The Sum of All Men	author	David Farland
Brotherhood of the Wolf	author	David Farland
The Conqueror Worms	author	Brian Keene
Aelita	author	Aleksey Nikolayevich Tolstoy
The Lair of Bones	author	David Farland
Wizardborn	author	David Farland
Worldwar: Upsetting the Balance	author	Harry Turtledove
Worldwar: Striking the Balance	author	Harry Turtledove
At the Earth's Core	author	Edgar Rice Burroughs
The Diary of Ellen Rimbauer: My Life at Rose Red	author	Ridley Pearson
Masud Rana	author	Qazi Anwar Hussain
Whole Internet User's Guide and Catalog	author	Ed Krol
My Brother's Keeper	author	Charles Sheffield
The Message in the Hollow Oak	author	Carolyn Keene
Juvenile Orion	author	Ashika Sakura
Kiko-chan's Smile	author	Tsubasa Nunoura
Sailing Alone Around the World	author	Joshua Slocum
Perfect Imperfection	author	Jacek Dukaj
Among the Brave	author	Margaret Peterson Haddix
The Stone Rose	author	Jacqueline Rayner
Hypnos	author	H.P. Lovecraft
Amelia Peabody's Egypt	author	Elizabeth Peters, Kristen Whitbread
Flying Saucers from Outer Space	author	Donald Keyhoe
The Moor	author	Laurie R. King
O Jerusalem	author	Laurie R. King
Jumper	author	Steven Gould
Rant	author	Chuck Palahniuk
Fool on the Hill	author	Matt Ruff
Question and Answer	author	Poul Anderson
Cool Air	author	H. P. Lovecraft
Among the Enemy	author	Margaret Peterson Haddix
Among the Free	author	Margaret Peterson Haddix
The Frost King	author	Helen Keller
Here There Be Tygers	author	Stephen King
Big Wheels: A Tale of the Laundry Game	author	Stephen King
Morning Deliveries	author	Stephen King
The Man Who Would Not Shake Hands	author	Stephen King
The Wedding Gig	author	Stephen King
Wounded Man	author	Kazuo Koike
A Stroke of Midnight	author	Laurell K. Hamilton
Seduced by Moonlight	author	Laurell K. Hamilton
Mistral's Kiss	author	Laurell K. Hamilton
A Kiss of Shadows	author	Laurell K. Hamilton
A Caress of Twilight	author	Laurell K. Hamilton
Monster Planet	author	David Wellington
All You Need Is Ears	author	George Martin, Jeremy Hornsby
Cosmo Police Justy	author	Tsuguo Okazaki
Journey	author	James Michener
Shadows of the Mind	author	Roger Penrose
Private Parts	author	Howard Stern
Private Parts	author	Larry Sloman
Hear the Wind Sing	author	Haruki Murakami
Mirage of Blaze	author	Mizuna Kuwabara
My Cousin Rachel	author	Daphne du Maurier
Homo Sol	author	Isaac Asimov
The Dialectic of Sex	author	Shulamith Firestone
Revolt on Alpha C	author	Robert Silverberg
Outlanders	author	Johji Manabe
Locke the Superman	author	Yuki Hijiri
The Outcasts of 19 Schuyler Place	author	E. L. Konigsburg
The Revenge of Gaia	author	James Lovelock
The Two Captains	author	Veniamin Kaverin
The Book of Dave	author	Will Self
Out	author	Natsuo Kirino
Stanley Yelnats' Survival Guide to Camp Green Lake	author	Louis Sachar
UKTV Play	author	UKTV
Adverbs	author	Daniel Handler
The Gift of Asher Lev	author	Chaim Potok
Gods of Aberdeen	author	Micah Nathan
Davita's Harp	author	Chaim Potok
Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas	author	Hunter S. Thompson
The Bride Price	author	Buchi Emecheta
All I Need to Know about Filmmaking I Learned from the Toxic Avenger	author	Lloyd Kaufman and James Gunn
The Rocket to the Moon	author	Thea von Harbou
Sculpting in Time	author	Andrei Tarkovsky
4th of July	author	James Patterson and Maxine Paetro
Weapon	author	Robert Mason
The Muses Are Heard	author	Truman Capote
The Faiths of the Founding Fathers	author	David L. Holmes
Qijian Xia Tianshan	author	Liang Yusheng
Perl Cookbook	author	Tom Christiansen
Perl Cookbook	author	Nathan Torkington
Dubrovsky	author	Alexander Pushkin
Welcome to the N.H.K.	author	Tatsuhiko Takimoto
Welcome to the N.H.K.	author	Tatsuhiko Takimoto
Haasil Ghaat	author	Bano Qudsia
Gather Yourselves Together	author	Philip K. Dick
The Baron in the Trees	author	Italo Calvino
Voices from the Street	author	Philip K. Dick
The Professor's House	author	Willa Cather
Mary and the Giant	author	Philip K. Dick
A Time for George Stavros	author	Philip K. Dick
Kaddish for an Unborn Child	author	Imre Kertész
The Well at the World's End	author	William Morris
Pilgrim on the Hill	author	Philip K. Dick
The Broken Bubble	author	Philip K. Dick
The Octagonal Raven	author	L. E. Modesitt
Puttering About in a Small Land	author	Philip K. Dick
Nicholas and the Higs	author	Philip K. Dick
The Space Vampires	author	Colin Wilson
Faiths and Pantheons	author	Boyd, Eric L. and Mona, Erik
Marooned	author	Martin Caidin
This Island Earth	author	Raymond F. Jones
Time After Time	author	Karl Alexander
Reality of Certainty	author	Muhammad Baqir Majlisi
A Cellarful of Noise	author	Brian Epstein
The Complete Directory to Prime Time Network and Cable TV Shows 1946–Present	author	Tim Brooks
The Complete Directory to Prime Time Network and Cable TV Shows 1946–Present	author	Earle Marsh
Worst	author	Hiroshi Takahashi
Wild 7	author	Mikiya Mochizuki
The Clockwise Man	author	Justin Richards
The Gang That Couldn't Shoot Straight	author	Jimmy Breslin
Edenborn	author	Nick Sagan
Dirty Jokes and Beer	author	Drew Carey
Tutinama	author	Nakhshabi
Inkdeath	author	Cornelia Funke
M. C. Higgins, the Great	author	Virginia Hamilton
A Visit to William Blake's Inn	author	Nancy Willard
I, Juan de Pareja	author	Elizabeth Borton de Treviño
Dicey's Song	author	Cynthia Voigt
A Gathering of Days	author	Joan Blos
The Blue Djinn of Babylon	author	Philip Kerr
...And Now Miguel	author	Joseph Krumgold
The Bronze Bow	author	Elizabeth George Speare
King of the Wind	author	Marguerite Henry
Amos Fortune, Free Man	author	Elizabeth Yates
Roller Skates	author	Ruth Sawyer
The White Stag	author	Kate Seredy
Adam of the Road	author	Elizabeth Gray Vining
Daniel Boone	author	James Daugherty
The Cat Who Went to Heaven	author	Elizabeth Coatsworth
Rabbit Hill	author	Robert Lawson
Young Fu of the Upper Yangtze	author	Elizabeth Foreman Lewis
Invincible Louisa	author	Cornelia Meigs
Gay Neck, the Story of a Pigeon	author	Dhan Gopal Mukerji
Crimson Joy	author	Robert B. Parker
With a Tangled Skein	author	Piers Anthony
Wielding a Red Sword	author	Piers Anthony
Being a Green Mother	author	Piers Anthony
Bearing an Hourglass	author	Piers Anthony
For Love of Evil	author	Piers Anthony
And Eternity	author	Piers Anthony
Lives of the Saints	author	Nino Ricci
Whale Song	author	Cheryl Kaye Tardif
The Monsters Inside	author	Stephen Cole
Edison's Conquest of Mars	author	Garrett P. Serviss
The Last Hawk	author	Catherine Asaro
The Stealers of Dreams	author	Steve Lyons
No Turn Unstoned	author	Diana Rigg
Laughable Loves	author	Milan Kundera
People of the Deer	author	Farley Mowat
The 33 Strategies of War	author	Robert Greene
Leaf Storm	author	Gabriel García Márquez
An Old Captivity	author	Nevil Shute
A Problem from Hell	author	Samantha Power
The Feast of the Drowned	author	Stephen Cole
The Resurrection Casket	author	Justin Richards
I Am a Dalek	author	Gareth Roberts
Golden Checkerboard	author	Ed Ainsworth
Joris of the Rock	author	Leslie Barringer
The War in 2020	author	Ralph Peters
Finding Serenity	author	Jane Espenson
The Temple and the Lodge	author	Michael Baigent
The Temple and the Lodge	author	Richard Leigh
Gerfalcon	author	Leslie Barringer
Shy Leopardess	author	Leslie Barringer
Whistle	author	James Jones
Geek Chic	author	Neil Feineman
Gösta Berling's Saga	author	Selma Lagerlöf
Goth	author	Otsuichi
Goth	author	Otsu-ichi
The Hello, Goodbye Window	author	Norton Juster
Kitten's First Full Moon	author	Kevin Henkes
Officer Buckle and Gloria	author	Peggy Rathmann
His Excellency: George Washington	author	Joseph Ellis
The Last Puritan	author	George Santayana
Know Ye Not Agincourt%3F	author	Leslie Barringer
The Girl, the Gold Watch & Everything	author	John D. MacDonald
The Chaneysville Incident	author	David Bradley
Embracing Love	author	Youka Nitta
On Stranger Tides	author	Tim Powers
A Long Long Way	author	Sebastian Barry
Skybreaker	author	Kenneth Oppel
How I Live Now	author	Meg Rosoff
Orbital Resonance	author	John Barnes
Taronga	author	Victor Kelleher
Cover Her Face	author	P. D. James
Star Wars Encyclopedia	author	Steve Sansweet
How Buildings Learn	author	Stewart Brand
The Brothers	author	C. J. Cherryh
Blind Willow, Sleeping Woman	author	Haruki Murakami
Wizard of the Pigeons	author	Megan Lindholm
Monster	author	Walter Dean Myers
Odds On	author	Michael Crichton
Bright Lights, Big City	author	Jay McInerney
The Sinner	author	Tess Gerritsen
The Bourne Betrayal	author	Robert Ludlum
The Bourne Betrayal	author	Eric Van Lustbader
Newton Game Dynamics	author	
Newton Game Dynamics	author	
Freedomland	author	Richard Price
Green Rider	author	Kristen Britain
Sandry's Book	author	Tamora Pierce
Carmen	author	Prosper Mérimée
The Maracot Deep	author	Arthur Conan Doyle
Flesh and Blood	author	Jonathan Kellerman
Justinian	author	Harry Turtledove
Black Robe	author	Brian Moore
Looking for Alibrandi	author	Melina Marchetta
Ginger You're Barmy	author	David Lodge
Vote for Larry	author	Janet Tashjian
The Blunderer	author	Patricia Highsmith
Wholeness and the Implicate Order	author	David Bohm
The Purple Land	author	William Henry Hudson
The Gospel According to Larry	author	Janet Tashjian
Amigos	author	David Williamson
The Town	author	Conrad Richter
Tris's Book	author	Tamora Pierce
If Only It Were True	author	Marc Levy
Parfait Tic!	author	Nagamu Nanaji
They Were Strong and Good	author	Robert Lawson
Leadership	author	Rudy Giuliani
Leadership	author	Ken Kurson
David and the Phoenix	author	Edward Ormondroyd
Mala onda	author	Alberto Fuguet
Inne pieśni	author	Jacek Dukaj
A Country Doctor	author	Franz Kafka
Rules for Radicals	author	Saul Alinsky
The Icebound Land	author	John Flanagan
The Common Law	author	Oliver Wendell Holmes, Jr.
The Inscrutable Americans	author	Anurag Mathur
The Authoritarian Personality	author	Theodor W. Adorno
The Authoritarian Personality	author	Else Frenkel-Brunswik
The Authoritarian Personality	author	Daniel Levinson
The Authoritarian Personality	author	Nevitt Sanford
Neko Janai mon!	author	Kentarō Yano
Easy Go	author	Michael Crichton
Scratch One	author	Michael Crichton
Bin Laden: The Man Who Declared War on America	author	Yossef Bodansky
Batman Animated	author	Paul Dini and Chip Kidd
Housekeeping vs. The Dirt	author	Nick Hornby
Jim Button and Luke the Engine Driver	author	Michael Ende
An Acceptable Time	author	Madeleine L'Engle
Ramona Quimby, Age 8	author	Beverly Cleary
The Bird That Drinks Tears	author	Lee Yeongdo
Arachne	author	86
L.A. Confidentiel	author	Pierre Ballester
L.A. Confidentiel	author	David Walsh
Lament for a Nation	author	George Grant
Catalyst	author	Laurie Halse Anderson
René	author	François-René de Chateaubriand
Not After Midnight	author	Daphne Du Maurier
The Quincunx of Time	author	James Blish
East	author	Edith Pattou
Premonitions	author	Jude Watson
Magic's Pawn	author	Mercedes Lackey
Taming the Star Runner	author	S. E. Hinton
St. John's Eve	author	Nikolai Gogol
Dracula's Guest and Other Weird Stories	author	Bram Stoker
The Curse on the Chosen	author	Ian Irvine
Flanimals of the Deep	author	Ricky Gervais
Young Man with a Horn	author	Dorothy Baker
The Arrows of Hercules	author	L. Sprague de Camp
Darwin and His Great Discovery	author	L. Sprague de Camp and Catherine Crook de Camp
The Day of the Dinosaur	author	L. Sprague de Camp and Catherine Crook de Camp
Engines	author	L. Sprague de Camp
Energy and Power	author	L. Sprague de Camp
Elephant	author	L. Sprague de Camp
Man and Power	author	L. Sprague de Camp
The Wheels of Chance	author	H. G. Wells
The Heroic Age of American Invention	author	L. Sprague de Camp
Berlin Game	author	Len Deighton
Late Victorian Holocausts	author	Mike Davis
The Art of Sexual Ecstasy	author	Margot Anand
Firefight at Yechon	author	Charles M. Bussey
The Beachwood Reporter	author	Steve Rhodes
Like the Clouds, Like the Wind	author	Ken'ichi Sakemi
The Familiar of Zero	author	Noboru Yamaguchi
The Familiar of Zero	author	Noboru Yamaguchi
First Rider's Call	author	Kristen Britain
The Mystery of Holly Lane	author	Enid Blyton
The Ancient Engineers	author	L. Sprague de Camp
Ancient Ruins and Archaeology	author	L. Sprague de Camp and Catherine Crook de Camp
5 Centimeters Per Second	author	Makoto Shinkai
Dorothea Dreams	author	Suzy McKee Charnas
Bishad Shindhu	author	Mir Mosarraf Hussain
Blood Red Rivers	author	Jean-Christophe Grangé
The Sand Pebbles	author	Richard McKenna
Elusive Isabel	author	Jacques Futrelle
King of Thorn	author	Yūji Iwahara
The House on East 88th Street	author	Bernard Waber
Diet for a Small Planet	author	Frances Moore Lappé
Growth of the Soil	author	Knut Hamsun
Hitler's Willing Executioners	author	Daniel Goldhagen
Vengeance	author	George Jonas
Ramona Forever	author	Beverly Cleary
Forest Mage	author	Robin Hobb
Pentagon	author	Allen Drury
Neutron Tide	author	Arthur C. Clarke
The Story of Science in America	author	L. Sprague de Camp and Catherine Crook de Camp
Spirits, Stars, and Spells	author	L. Sprague de Camp and Catherine Crook de Camp
The Ragged Edge of Science	author	L. Sprague de Camp
Jessica	author	Bryce Courtenay
Lautlos wie sein Schatten	author	Frank Arnau
Seldom Disappointed	author	Tony Hillerman
The Great Boer War	author	Arthur Conan Doyle
The Witness for the Prosecution and Other Stories	author	Agatha Christie
Le Chevalier D'Eon	author	Tow Ubukata
FreeSWITCH	author	Anthony Minessale
Prisoner of Haven	author	Nancy Varian Berberick
The Strange Adventures of Rangergirl	author	Tim Pratt
Three Blind Mice and Other Stories	author	Agatha Christie
Great Cities of the Ancient World	author	L. Sprague de Camp
Our Kingdom	author	Naduki Koujima
A Study in Emerald	author	Neil Gaiman
The Devil's Discus	author	Rayne Kruger
The Albino's Dancer	author	Dale Smith
Short Trips: Zodiac	author	Jacqueline Rayner
The Cabinet of Light	author	Daniel O'Mahony
The True Confessions of Adrian Albert Mole	author	Sue Townsend
Me and My Shadows: A Family Memoir	author	Lorna Luft
The Under Dog and Other Stories	author	Agatha Christie
The Great Indian Novel	author	Shashi Tharoor
Collaborator	author	Murray Davies
DataLounge	author	Mediapolis
Short Trips: Companions	author	Jacqueline Rayner
Dancer from the Dance	author	Andrew Holleran
Short Trips: Farewells	author	Jacqueline Rayner
The Insult	author	Rupert Thomson
Legacies	author	F. Paul Wilson
Conspiracies	author	F. Paul Wilson
The Winning Side	author	Lance Parkin
All the Rage	author	F. Paul Wilson
Hosts	author	F. Paul Wilson
Shell Shock	author	Simon A. Forward
Monkey Typhoon	author	Shin Kibayashi
Heavy Weather	author	Bruce Sterling
First Among Sequels	author	Jasper Fforde
Stalin: A Biography	author	Robert Service
Tom Clancy's Net Force Explorers: Runaways	author	Diane Duane
Down a Dark Hall	author	Lois Duncan
The Haunted Air	author	F. Paul Wilson
Gateways	author	F. Paul Wilson
Infernal	author	F. Paul Wilson
Harbingers	author	F. Paul Wilson
Gallows Hill	author	Lois Duncan
Short Trips: The Centenarian	author	Ian Farrington
Short Trips: The History of Christmas	author	Simon Guerrier
The Keep	author	F. Paul Wilson
Short Trips: The Solar System	author	Gary Russell
Short Trips: A Day in the Life	author	Ian Farrington
Meet the Tiger	author	Leslie Charteris
Short Trips: Seven Deadly Sins	author	David Bailey
The Great Good Place	author	Ray Oldenburg
Reborn	author	F. Paul Wilson
Nightworld	author	F. Paul Wilson
The Keep	author	F. Paul Wilson
Boogiepop Returns: VS Imaginator Part 2	author	Kouhei Kadono
Short Trips: 2040	author	John Binns
Short Trips: Monsters	author	Ian Farrington
Short Trips: Repercussions	author	Gary Russell
Short Trips: Life Science	author	John Binns
The Pleasures of Japanese Literature	author	Donald Keene
Short Trips: Past Tense	author	Ian Farrington
Short Trips: A Universe of Terrors	author	John Binns
Blues Brothers: Private	author	Judith Belushi Pisano
Blues Brothers: Private	author	Tino Insana
Sword of the Dark Ones	author	Kentaro Yasui
Short Trips: The Muses	author	Jacqueline Rayner
Short Trips: Steel Skies	author	John Binns
Lies & Kisses	author	Masara Minase
Deus Le Volt	author	Jon de Burgh Miller
Peculiar Lives	author	Philip Purser-Hallard
The Golden Ball and Other Stories	author	Agatha Christie
Miss Marple's Final Cases and Two Other Stories	author	Agatha Christie
Wieland	author	Charles Brockden Brown
Kitsune	author	John Paul Catton
The Clockwork Woman	author	Claire Bott
The Severed Man	author	George Mann
Echoes	author	Iain McLaughlin and Claire Bartlett
Oracle iPlanet Web Proxy Server	author	Sun Microsystems
Upland Outlaws	author	Dave Duncan
Another Day in Paradise	author	Eddie Little
Blood and Hope	author	Iain McLaughlin
The Eye of the Tyger	author	Paul J. McAuley
Frayed	author	Tara Samms
Companion Piece	author	Robert Perry and Mike Tucker
Fallen Gods	author	Jonathan Blum and Kate Orman
Wonderland	author	Mark Chadbourn
Jokerman 8	author	Richard Melo
Lost Continents	author	L. Sprague de Camp
Rip Tide	author	Louise Cooper
Ghost Ship	author	Keith Topping
Foreign Devils	author	Andrew Cartmel
Nightdreamers	author	Tom Arden
Time and Relative	author	Kim Newman
Citadel of Dreams	author	Dave Stone
Lord of the Fantastic	author	Edited by Martin H. Greenberg
Double Sin and Other Stories	author	Agatha Christie
Sexual Ecology	author	Gabriel Rotello
Nuclear War Survival Skills	author	Cresson Kearny
Binbō Shimai Monogatari	author	Izumi Kazuto
Der Weg ins Freie	author	Arthur Schnitzler
Darkness Visible	author	William Golding
Darkness Visible	author	William Styron
The Silver Wolf	author	Alice Borchardt
The Inheritance	author	Nancy Varian Berberick
Stone Butch Blues	author	Leslie Feinberg
Against the Day	author	Thomas Pynchon
Short Trips: A Christmas Treasury	author	Paul Cornell
When We Were Very Young	author	A. A. Milne
Moromeții	author	Marin Preda
Psychoshop	author	Alfred Bester and Roger Zelazny
Virtual Unrealities	author	Alfred Bester
The Fringe of the Unknown	author	L. Sprague de Camp
Lands Beyond	author	L. Sprague de Camp and Willy Ley
Crisscross	author	F. Paul Wilson
Lovecraft: A Biography	author	L. Sprague de Camp
Zandru's Forge	author	Marion Zimmer Bradley
Zandru's Forge	author	Deborah J. Ross
The Monastery	author	Sir Walter Scott
Who He%3F	author	Alfred Bester
PNGOUT	author	Ken Silverman
The Computer Connection	author	Alfred Bester
Molly Moon Stops the World	author	Georgia Byng
Dark Valley Destiny	author	L. Sprague de Camp, Catherine Crook de Camp and Jane Whittington Griffin
Literary Swordsmen and Sorcerers	author	L. Sprague de Camp
The Living and the Dead	author	Patrick White
Nietzsche contra Wagner	author	Friedrich Nietzsche
An Arrow's Flight	author	Mark Merlis
The Watsons Go to Birmingham – 1963	author	Christopher Paul Curtis
The Complete Book of Humanoids	author	Bill Slavicsek
Fury	author	Salman Rushdie
Renegade's Magic	author	Robin Hobb
Kyō no Go no Ni	author	Koharu Sakuraba
The Wrecker	author	Robert Louis Stevenson and Lloyd Osbourne
The Bears' Famous Invasion of Sicily	author	Dino Buzzati
Naoko	author	Keigo Higashino
Night Wizard!	author	Takeshi Kikuchi
Night Wizard!	author	FarEast Amusement Research
Cent Nouvelles Nouvelles	author	Antoine de la Sale
The Miner	author	Natsume Sōseki
The Magicians of Caprona	author	Diana Wynne Jones
The Cricket in Times Square	author	George Selden
Disney Fairies	author	Gail Carson Levine
Superman Returns	author	Marv Wolfman
Chuck Taylor, All Star	author	Abraham Aamidor
The Thing on the Doorstep	author	H. P. Lovecraft
Back to Life	author	Wendy Coakley-Thompson
The Picture in the House	author	H. P. Lovecraft
The Horror at Red Hook	author	H. P. Lovecraft
The Dreams in the Witch House	author	H. P. Lovecraft
The Second Confession	author	Rex Stout
And Be a Villain	author	Rex Stout
FMOD	author	Firelight Technologies
ATLA – A Story of the Lost Island	author	Ann Eliza Smith
Eagle: The Making of an Asian-American President	author	Kaiji Kawaguchi
Bakusō Kyōdai Let's & Go!!	author	Tetsuhiro Koshita
The 25th Hour	author	David Benioff
The Closed Circle	author	Jonathan Coe
Secret Servant: The Moneypenny Diaries	author	Samantha Weinberg
Secret Servant: The Moneypenny Diaries	author	as \
For the New Intellectual	author	Ayn Rand
The New Left: The Anti-Industrial Revolution	author	Ayn Rand
Philosophy: Who Needs It	author	Ayn Rand
The Temple	author	H. P. Lovecraft
The Kobayashi Maru	author	Julia Ecklar
The Gift	author	Danielle Steel
Inugami	author	Masaya Hokazono
Shadow Divers	author	Robert Kurson
Staying Fat for Sarah Byrnes	author	Chris Crutcher
A Village Affair	author	Joanna Trollope
His Majesty's Dragon	author	Naomi Novik
The Goblin Mirror	author	C. J. Cherryh
Hammerfall	author	C. J. Cherryh
Monster Blood Tattoo: Foundling	author	D.M. Cornish
Tarzan the Untamed	author	Edgar Rice Burroughs
In a Different Voice	author	Carol Gilligan
Official Scrabble Players Dictionary	author	Merriam-Webster
The Golden Age	author	Gore Vidal
The Lightning Thief	author	Rick Riordan
A Sinless Season	author	Damon Galgut
The Heart Is Deceitful Above All Things	author	JT LeRoy
Beyond Chutzpah	author	Norman G. Finkelstein
Georgie!	author	Mann Izawa
The Art of Seduction	author	Robert Greene
Twelve Sharp	author	Janet Evanovich
Psychometrer Eiji	author	Yuma Ando
Psychometrer Eiji	author	Yuma Ando
Grant Comes East	author	Newt Gingrich
Grant Comes East	author	William R. Forstchen
Grant Comes East	author	Albert S. Hanser
Gettysburg: A Novel of the Civil War	author	Newt Gingrich
Gettysburg: A Novel of the Civil War	author	William R. Forstchen
My Friend Leonard	author	James Frey
The Language of Goldfish	author	Zibby Oneal
The Face in the Frost	author	John Bellairs
Spider	author	Patrick McGrath
Beowulf's Children	author	Larry Niven, Jerry Pournelle and Steven Barnes
Faultlines	author	George Megalogenis
Absurdistan	author	Gary Shteyngart
Circus	author	Alistair MacLean
Blood Sisters	author	Barbara Keating
Blood Sisters	author	& Stephanie Keating
Layer Cake	author	J. J. Connolly
Seeing Islam as Others Saw It	author	Robert G. Hoyland
The Truth About Muhammad	author	Robert Spencer
Dragonkeeper	author	Carole Wilkinson
Bag Limit	author	Steven F. Havill
Alma Cogan	author	Gordon Burn
The Ballad of the Sad Café	author	Carson McCullers
Past Master	author	R. A. Lafferty
The Day I Met God	author	Karen Covell
The Day I Met God	author	Victorya Michaels Rogers
The Day I Met God	author	Jim Covell
The Psychopathic God	author	Robert G. L. Waite
Microsoft Amalga	author	Washington Hospital Center
The Coming of Conan the Cimmerian	author	Robert E. Howard
The Book of Dreams	author	Jack Vance
I Spy	author	Jean Marzollo
Dragon Fire	author	Humphrey Hawksley
Nyarlathotep	author	H. P. Lovecraft
Divine Hammer	author	Chris Pierson
The Dargonesti	author	Paul B. Thompson
The Dargonesti	author	Tonya C. Cook
They Thirst	author	Robert R. McCammon
The Strange Death of Vincent Foster	author	Christopher Ruddy
The Miscast Barbarian	author	L. Sprague de Camp
The Evolution of Naval Weapons	author	L. Sprague de Camp
The Word	author	Irving Wallace
The Complete Illustrated Book of Yoga	author	Swami Vishnu-devananda
Trial by Fire	author	Gerry Spence
The Bloody Crown of Conan	author	Robert E. Howard
The Guardians	author	Samuel Youd
List of Buffyverse guidebooks	author	Christopher Golden
List of Buffyverse guidebooks	author	Nancy Holder
List of Buffyverse guidebooks	author	Nancy Holder, Jeff Mariotte, Maryelizabeth Hart
List of Buffyverse guidebooks	author	Paul Ruditis
List of Buffyverse guidebooks	author	Diana G. Gallagher
List of Buffyverse guidebooks	author	Keith Topping
List of Buffyverse guidebooks	author	Lawrence Miles, Pearson Lars, Dickson Christa
The Conquering Sword of Conan	author	Robert E. Howard
The Lagoon	author	Joseph Conrad
Gates of Fire	author	Steven Pressfield
Harlem Beat	author	Yuriko Nishiyama
Time After Time	author	Allen Appel
Runaway Ralph	author	Beverly Cleary
The Lies of Locke Lamora	author	Scott Lynch
Gates of Eden	author	Coen brothers
A Terrible Vengeance	author	Nikolai Gogol
Sandkings	author	George R. R. Martin
The Ship Who Searched	author	Anne McCaffrey and Mercedes Lackey
The Amen Corner	author	James Baldwin
Flight on Titan	author	Stanley G. Weinbaum
Tribe Flood Network	author	Mixter
The Undesired Princess	author	L. Sprague de Camp
The Plot to Save Socrates	author	Paul Levinson
Ulead DVD MovieFactory	author	Ulead Systems
A Spectacle of Corruption	author	David Liss
A Conspiracy of Paper	author	David Liss
A Flame in Hali	author	Marion Zimmer Bradley
A Flame in Hali	author	Deborah J. Ross
Look Homeward, Angel	author	Thomas Wolfe
7 Seeds	author	Yumi Tamura
Wizardology: The Book of the Secrets of Merlin	author	Dugald Steer
Citizen Soldiers	author	Stephen E. Ambrose
Murderers' Row	author	Donald Hamilton
All Watched Over by Machines of Loving Grace	author	Richard Brautigan
Muteki Kanban Musume	author	Jun Sadogawa
The Afghan	author	Frederick Forsyth
The Collected Books of Jack Spicer	author	Jack Spicer
Sennin Buraku	author	Kō Kojima
The Dominators	author	Donald Hamilton
Valkyr	author	Senno Knife
The Cossacks	author	Leo Tolstoy
Ida B.	author	Katherine Hannigan
Hadji Murat	author	Leo Tolstoy
Fox Volant of the Snowy Mountain	author	Jin Yong
Angel Heart	author	Tsukasa Hojo
ARKive	author	Wildscreen
A, A Novel	author	Andy Warhol
Lulu Dark Can See Through Walls	author	Bennett Madison
The Martian	author	George du Maurier
What Would Buffy Do%3F	author	Jana Riess
Mexico Set	author	Len Deighton
London Match	author	Len Deighton
Winter	author	Len Deighton
Oracle Multimedia	author	Oracle Corporation
Olivia Joules and the Overactive Imagination	author	Helen Fielding
The Young Flying Fox	author	Jin Yong
The Second Angel	author	Philip Kerr
The Grand Chessboard	author	Zbigniew Brzezinski
The Story of the Phantom: The Ghost Who Walks	author	Lee Falk
Cel mai iubit dintre pământeni	author	Marin Preda
After Dark	author	Haruki Murakami
TMZ	author	Harvey Levin
TMZ	author	Jim Paratore
Virus Buster Serge	author	Masami Ōbari
Bokurano: Ours	author	Mohiro Kitoh
Bokurano: Ours	author	Renji Ōki
Mistborn: The Final Empire	author	Brandon Sanderson
The Ruins	author	Scott Smith
The Honorable Barbarian	author	L. Sprague de Camp
The Goblin Tower	author	L. Sprague de Camp
Star of the Sea	author	Joseph O'Connor
Glory	author	Vladimir Nabokov
The Voice in the Night	author	William Hope Hodgson
White Horse Neighs in the Western Wind	author	Jin Yong
Mandarin Duck Blades	author	Jin Yong
Sword of the Yue Maiden	author	Jin Yong
A Deadly Secret	author	Jin Yong
The Glorious Cause	author	Jeffrey Shaara
Mexico City Blues	author	Jack Kerouac
Book of Dreams	author	Jack Kerouac
Judas	author	Suu Minazuki
Three Hearts and Three Lions	author	Poul Anderson
Scar Tissue	author	Anthony Kiedis
Scar Tissue	author	Larry Sloman
The Drifting Classroom	author	Kazuo Umezu
Bitter Virgin	author	Kei Kusunoki
The Clocks of Iraz	author	L. Sprague de Camp
The Bladerunner	author	Alan E. Nourse
The Guarani	author	José de Alencar
Instant Teen: Just Add Nuts	author	Haruka Fukushima
The Third Eye	author	Lois Duncan
Lonesome Traveler	author	Jack Kerouac
The Man Who Walked Between the Towers	author	Mordicai Gerstein
La Chamade	author	Françoise Sagan
Dreamsongs: A RRetrospective	author	George R.R. Martin
The Fallen Man	author	Tony Hillerman
The Friendship	author	Mildred D. Taylor
Door Wide Open	author	Jack Kerouac
Door Wide Open	author	Joyce Johnson
Everything I'm Cracked Up to Be	author	Jen Trynin
The Education of Little Tree	author	Asa Earl Carter
The Story of Saiunkoku	author	Sai Yukino
Object-Oriented Software Construction	author	Bertrand Meyer
Letting Go	author	Philip Roth
Kaleidoscope	author	Danielle Steel
Japan	author	Eiji Ohtsuka
Japan	author	Buronson
Adrian Mole: From Minor to Major	author	Sue Townsend
Footprints on Sand	author	L. Sprague de Camp and Catherine Crook de Camp
The Queen of Zamba	author	L. Sprague de Camp
The Moorchild	author	Eloise McGraw
Dogsbody	author	Diana Wynne Jones
The Harlequin Tea Set	author	Agatha Christie
Fun Home	author	Alison Bechdel
JAMA	author	NIST
A Moose for Jessica	author	Pat A. Wakefield with Larry Carrara
Dance Hall of the Dead	author	Tony Hillerman
Chosen of the Gods	author	Chris Pierson
Bard: The Odyssey of the Irish	author	Morgan Llywelyn
Weapons of Legacy	author	Bruce R. Cordell, Kolja Raven Liquette, and Travis Stout
The Hoboken Chicken Emergency	author	Daniel and Jill Pinkwater
Pedagogy of the Oppressed	author	Paulo Freire
The Gift of Gab	author	Jack Vance
Perpetual Motion	author	L. Sprague de Camp
Rubber Dinosaurs and Wooden Elephants	author	L. Sprague de Camp
Bones of the Earth	author	Michael Swanwick
Adrian Mole: The Wilderness Years	author	Sue Townsend
The Growing Pains of Adrian Mole	author	Sue Townsend
The Restless Supermarket	author	Ivan Vladislavic
Adrian Mole: The Cappuccino Years	author	Sue Townsend
A Fête Worse Than Death	author	Iain Aitch
Europe: A History	author	Norman Davies
Land of Unreason	author	Fletcher Pratt and L. Sprague de Camp
Number Ten	author	Sue Townsend
The Heritage of Hastur	author	Marion Zimmer Bradley
The Boats of the %22Glen Carrig%22	author	William Hope Hodgson
Kingdom Come	author	Tim LaHaye and Jerry B. Jenkins
Alone Against Tomorrow	author	Harlan Ellison
Bambi and Her Pink Gun	author	Atsushi Kaneko
Writer Sollers	author	Roland Barthes
Naked in Death	author	Nora Roberts
All She Was Worth	author	Miyuki Miyabe
Star Wars Episode I Journal: Queen Amidala	author	Jude Watson
The Zenith Angle	author	Bruce Sterling
The Jewish Enemy	author	Jeffrey Herf
Stalking the Nightmare	author	Harlan Ellison
Sprat Morrison	author	Jean D'Costa
...But, I'm Your Teacher	author	Row Takakura
La parada de Maimós	author	Alfredo Armas Alfonzo
888	author	Noriko Kuwata
The Carnelian Cube	author	L. Sprague de Camp and Fletcher Pratt
Perman	author	Fujiko F Fujio
Perman	author	Fujiko F. Fujio
Negima!%3F	author	Takuya Fujima
Her Smoke Rose Up Forever	author	James Tiptree, Jr.
Prisoner's Dilemma	author	Richard Powers
Time and Chance: an Autobiography	author	L. Sprague de Camp
Kaguyahime	author	Reiko Shimizu
Love Monster	author	Riko Miyagi
No Refuge Could Save	author	Isaac Asimov
The Message in the Bottle	author	Walker Percy
Men and the City	author	Saddam Hussein
Watteau in Venice	author	Philippe Sollers
Weather Report Girl	author	Tetsu Adachi
The Lurking Fear	author	H. P. Lovecraft
The Strange High House in the Mist	author	H.P. Lovecraft
The Shunned House	author	H. P. Lovecraft
Magic of Incarnum	author	James Wyatt, Frank Brunner, Stephen Schubert
The Piano Tuner	author	Daniel Mason
The Headless Horseman	author	Thomas Mayne Reid
Inside Hitler's Bunker	author	Joachim Fest
Orpheus Emerged	author	Jack Kerouac
For the Strength of Youth	author	The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints
Blood Beast	author	Darren Shan
Demon Apocalypse	author	Darren Shan
101 People Who Are Really Screwing America	author	Jack Huberman
Process Explorer	author	Sysinternals
Father of Frankenstein	author	Christopher Bram
Gypsy: A Memoir	author	Gypsy Rose Lee
Nerilka's Story	author	Anne McCaffrey
Leonora	author	Maria Edgeworth
Scribblings	author	L. Sprague de Camp
The Ruby in the Smoke	author	Philip Pullman
Specters of Marx	author	Jacques Derrida
Reading in the Dark	author	Seamus Deane
Uglies	author	Scott Westerfeld
Identifying and Managing Project Risk	author	Tom Kendrick
The Silly Book	author	Stoo Hample
The Queen's Amulet	author	Julianne Balmain
Are You My Mother%3F	author	P. D. Eastman
The Jewel in the Skull	author	Michael Moorcock
Bastard out of Carolina	author	Dorothy Allison
My-Otome	author	Hiroyuki Yoshino
My-Otome	author	Tatsuhito Higuchi
The Forest People	author	Colin Turnbull
The Structure of Evolutionary Theory	author	Stephen Jay Gould
Ogre Slayer	author	Kei Kusunoki
Skeleton Key	author	Anthony Horowitz
Snakehead	author	Anthony Horowitz
Aquarium	author	Tomoko Taniguchi
After School Nightmare	author	Setona Mizushiro
To Die in Italbar	author	Roger Zelazny
Arm of Kannon	author	Masakazu Yamaguchi
B.B. Explosion	author	Yasue Imai
Baby Birth	author	Sukehiro Tomita
Canon	author	Chika Shiomi
Call Me Princess	author	Tomoko Taniguchi
Blade of the Phantom Master	author	Youn In-wan
Cinnamoroll	author	Yumi Tsukirino
Cinnamoroll	author	Chisato Seki
Cinnamoroll	author	Utako Yoshino
The Stress of Her Regard	author	Tim Powers
The Shepherd of the Hills	author	Harold Bell Wright
The Hand of Zei	author	L. Sprague de Camp
The Separation	author	Christopher Priest
Talking God	author	Tony Hillerman
The Silver Key	author	H.P. Lovecraft
The New Nelson Japanese-English Character Dictionary	author	Andrew Nelson
The New Nelson Japanese-English Character Dictionary	author	John H. Haig
BookMooch	author	John Buckman
The Judas Pair	author	John Grant
I, Fatty	author	Jerry Stahl
The Discomfort Zone	author	Jonathan Franzen
Persia, the Magic Fairy	author	Takako Aonuma
The Heralds	author	Brian Killick
Joe Gould's Secret	author	Joseph Mitchell
Caravan Kidd	author	Johji Manabe
Brass Man	author	Neal Asher
Challengers	author	Hinako Takanaga
Cafe Kichijoji de	author	Yuki Miyamoto
Portuguese Irregular Verbs	author	Alexander McCall Smith
More Starlight to Your Heart	author	Hiro Matsuba
Magic Moon	author	Wolfgang Hohlbein
Magic Moon	author	Heike Hohlbein
Never Give Up!	author	Hiromu Mutou
Love Roma	author	Minoru Toyoda
The Will of the Empress	author	Tamora Pierce
Briar's Book	author	Tamora Pierce
King's Gold	author	Glenn Macaskill
Fairy Tail	author	Hiro Mashima
Pirateology: A Pirate Hunter's Companion	author	Dugald Steer
Thousand Pieces of Gold	author	Ruthanne Lum McCunn
Shock Wave	author	Clive Cussler
Dragon	author	Clive Cussler
The Wrong Box	author	Robert Louis Stevenson
The Wrong Box	author	Lloyd Osbourne
The Hostage of Zir	author	L. Sprague de Camp
The Unicorn in the Garden	author	James Thurber
Mix Tape: The Art of Cassette Culture	author	Thurston Moore
The Trail of Cthulhu	author	August Derleth
What the Moon Brings	author	H.P. Lovecraft
Aqua Knight	author	Yukito Kishiro
Qwan	author	Aki Shimizu
VBS2	author	Bohemia Interactive Simulations , BIS and BIA
Was	author	Geoff Ryman
Not Without My Husband	author	Justine Harun-Mahdavi
Tears of the Giraffe	author	Alexander McCall Smith
Morality for Beautiful Girls	author	Alexander McCall Smith
The Ethics of Liberty	author	Murray N. Rothbard
Star Wars	author	George Lucas
Star Wars	author	George Lucas
The Cobra King of Kathmandu	author	Philip Kerr
Open Veins of Latin America	author	Eduardo Galeano
The Outstretched Shadow	author	Mercedes Lackey and James Mallory
Anne Frank and Me	author	Cherie Bennett and Jeff Gottesfeld
The Fortunes of Richard Mahony	author	Henry Handel Richardson
Dead End	author	Shohei Manabe
Closing Time: The True Story of the Goodbar Murder	author	Lacey Fosburgh
Spry framework	author	Adobe Systems
Laughter in the Dark	author	Vladimir Nabokov
WebCite	author	Gunther Eysenbach
The Illearth War	author	Stephen R. Donaldson
Loose Ends	author	Greg Cox
Redwall Map & Riddler	author	Brian Jacques
The Power that Preserves	author	Stephen R. Donaldson
Olive's Ocean	author	Kevin Henkes
Redwall Friend & Foe	author	Brian Jacques
Inventions and Their Management	author	Alf K. Berle and L. Sprague de Camp
Weslandia	author	Paul Fleischman
Dragon Voice	author	Yuriko Nishiyama
Black Light	author	Stephen Hunter
Time to Hunt	author	Stephen Hunter
The Best of L. Sprague de Camp	author	L. Sprague de Camp
A Gun for Dinosaur and Other Imaginative Tales	author	L. Sprague de Camp
The Wheels of If and Other Science Fiction	author	L. Sprague de Camp
Sprague de Camp's New Anthology of Science Fiction	author	L. Sprague de Camp
The Virgin & the Wheels	author	L. Sprague de Camp
Microchess	author	Peter R Jennings
The Mad God's Amulet	author	Michael Moorcock
Peter and the Shadow Thieves	author	Dave Barry
Peter and the Shadow Thieves	author	Ridley Pearson
The Lurker at the Threshold	author	H. P. Lovecraft and August Derleth
Vixen 03	author	Clive Cussler
A Peace to End All Peace	author	David Fromkin
The Vesuvius Club	author	Mark Gatiss
Aiding and Abetting	author	Muriel Spark
Listening Woman	author	Tony Hillerman
Demons and Dinosaurs	author	L. Sprague de Camp
Phantoms and Fancies	author	L. Sprague de Camp
The Masterharper of Pern	author	Anne McCaffrey
An Béal Bocht	author	Brian O'Nolan
Look at the Harlequins!	author	Vladimir Nabokov
Os Maias	author	José Maria de Eça de Queiroz
Cousin Bazilio	author	José Maria de Eça de Queiroz
The Shadowers	author	Donald Hamilton
The Ravagers	author	Donald Hamilton
The Devastators	author	Donald Hamilton
The Betrayers	author	Donald Hamilton
The Menacers	author	Donald Hamilton
The Interlopers	author	Donald Hamilton
The Poisoners	author	Donald Hamilton
The Intriguers	author	Donald Hamilton
The Intimidators	author	Donald Hamilton
The Terminators	author	Donald Hamilton
The Retaliators	author	Donald Hamilton
The Terrorizers	author	Donald Hamilton
The Revengers	author	Donald Hamilton
Addicted to Curry	author	Kazuki Funatsu
The Annihilators	author	Donald Hamilton
The Infiltrators	author	Donald Hamilton
The Detonators	author	Donald Hamilton
The Vanishers	author	Donald Hamilton
The Demolishers	author	Donald Hamilton
The Frighteners	author	Donald Hamilton
The Threateners	author	Donald Hamilton
The Damagers	author	Donald Hamilton
Flash	author	L. E. Modesitt, Jr.
Weight Loss	author	Upamanyu Chatterjee
Ignorance	author	Milan Kundera
MoneySavingExpert.com	author	Martin Lewis
Mission to America	author	Walter Kirn
The Second Form at St. Clare's	author	Enid Blyton
Glass Palace Chronicle	author	Royal Historical Commission of Burma
Dragon's Fire	author	Anne McCaffrey and Todd McCaffrey
Batman: Dead White	author	John Shirley
Batman: Inferno	author	Alex Irvine
Batman: Fear Itself	author	Michael Reaves and Steven-Elliot Altman
The Country of the Kind	author	Damon Knight
Warriors of Tao	author	Kuwahara Shinya
Final Impact	author	John Birmingham
Our Sunshine	author	Robert Drewe
Cousin Henry	author	Anthony Trollope
Mouryou Kiden	author	Tamayo Akiyama
Murder on the Leviathan	author	Boris Akunin
Happy Mania	author	Moyoko Anno
The Snowy Day	author	Ezra Jack Keats
Showboat World	author	Jack Vance
Night of the Werewolf	author	Franklin W. Dixon
Mystery of the Samurai Sword	author	Franklin W. Dixon
Brave New Girl	author	Louisa Luna
Heroes and Hobgoblins	author	L. Sprague de Camp
César Cascabel	author	Jules Verne
The Dissolution of Nicholas Dee	author	Matthew Stadler
Aristotle and the Gun and Other Stories	author	L. Sprague de Camp
Dragonsblood	author	Todd McCaffrey
The Ladies of Missalonghi	author	Colleen McCullough
He	author	H. P. Lovecraft
The Skies of Pern	author	Anne McCaffrey
A Book of Common Prayer	author	Joan Didion
The Dolphins of Pern	author	Anne McCaffrey
Seinlanguage	author	Jerry Seinfeld
Democracy	author	Joan Didion
The White Album	author	Joan Didion
After Henry	author	Joan Didion
Rivers of Time	author	L. Sprague de Camp
Happiness!	author	Windmill
The Color of Light	author	William Goldman
Hyper Rune	author	Tamayo Akiyama
Memed, My Hawk	author	Yaşar Kemal
King, Queen, Knave	author	Vladimir Nabokov
Strange Meeting	author	Susan Hill
Mazeppa	author	Lord Byron
Without Title	author	Geoffrey Hill
The Other Gods	author	H.P. Lovecraft
Deus Vitae	author	Takuya Fujima
Dark Edge	author	Yu Aikawa
Abide with Me	author	Elizabeth Strout
Sharpe's Devil	author	Bernard Cornwell
Dial-a-Ghost	author	Eva Ibbotson
The Teachings of Don Juan	author	Carlos Castaneda
Maila Anchal	author	Phanishwar Nath Renu
The Abolition of Britain	author	Peter Hitchens
Judo Boy	author	Ippei Kuri, Yutaka Arai
Judo Boy	author	Ippei Kuri
Sarutobi Ecchan	author	Shotaro Ishinomori
The Alteration	author	Kingsley Amis
Marvelous Melmo	author	Osamu Tezuka
Show Business	author	Shashi Tharoor
I Don't Mean to be Rude, but...	author	Simon Cowell
The Ninja	author	Eric Van Lustbader
Tome of Magic	author	David Cook, Nigel Findley, Anthony Herring, Christopher Kubasik, Carl Sargent, and Rick Swan
Tome of Magic	author	Matthew Sernett, Ari Marmell, David Noonan, and Robert J. Schwalb
The Pentagon Spy	author	Franklin W. Dixon
The Apeman's Secret	author	Franklin W. Dixon
The Mummy Case	author	Franklin W. Dixon
Mystery of Smugglers Cove	author	Franklin W. Dixon
The Stone Idol	author	Franklin W. Dixon
The Outlaw's Silver	author	Franklin W. Dixon
The Vanishing Thieves	author	Franklin W. Dixon
The Submarine Caper	author	Franklin W. Dixon
The Broken Commandment	author	Tōson Shimazaki
Wind from the Carolinas	author	Robert Wilder
The Pope's Children	author	David McWilliams
The Character of Physical Law	author	Richard Feynman
The Last Burden	author	Upamanyu Chatterjee
The Mammaries of the Welfare State	author	Upamanyu Chatterjee
Nymphomation	author	Jeff Noon
Where I Was From	author	Joan Didion
Magical Emi, the Magic Star	author	Kiyoko Arai
We Were There	author	Yuki Obata
The Doll People	author	Ann M. Martin, Laura Godwin
Pastel Yumi, the Magic Idol	author	Kiyoko Arai
Ashokavadana	author	possibly the Buddhist monks of Mathura region
Zyword	author	Tamayo Akiyama
Blue Inferior	author	Kyoko Shito
The Last Open Road	author	B. S. Levy
Past and Present	author	Thomas Carlyle
Spencerville	author	Nelson DeMille
The Winter Queen	author	Boris Akunin
Tobacco and Slaves	author	Allan Kulikoff
Skinwalkers	author	Tony Hillerman
The Icarus Hunt	author	Timothy Zahn
The First Part Last	author	Angela Johnson
Sporting Chance	author	Elizabeth Moon
Once a Hero	author	Elizabeth Moon
Prayers to Broken Stones	author	Dan Simmons
Rules of Engagement	author	Elizabeth Moon
Winning Colors	author	Elizabeth Moon
Travelers of a Hundred Ages	author	Donald Keene
Hunting Party	author	Elizabeth Moon
In the Ocean of Night	author	Gregory Benford
Heirs of Empire	author	David Weber
Path of the Fury	author	David Weber
Four Major Plays of Chikamatsu	author	Chikamatsu Monzaemon; Keene wrote the Preface, the Introduction, and the two appendices
Change of Command	author	Elizabeth Moon
Against the Odds	author	Elizabeth Moon
Across the Sea of Suns	author	Gregory Benford
Rationality and Power	author	Bent Flyvbjerg
Web	author	John Wyndham
Trying to Save Piggy Sneed	author	John Irving
Dog Years	author	Günter Grass
Harlan Ellison's Watching	author	Harlan Ellison
TheDetroiter.com	author	John Sousanis and Nick Sousanis
The Cave	author	José Saramago
Ravished Armenia	author	Aurora Mardiganian
If I Die in a Combat Zone, Box Me Up and Ship Me Home	author	Tim O'Brien
Anti-Spam SMTP Proxy	author	
Mary, Mary	author	James Patterson
The Inclusion of the Other	author	Jürgen Habermas
Judge and Jury	author	James Patterson
Miami	author	Joan Didion
Safely Home	author	Randy Alcorn
Salvador	author	Joan Didion
One, Two, Buckle My Shoe	author	Agatha Christie
Political Fictions	author	Joan Didion
Dairy Queen	author	Catherine Gilbert Murdock
The Discovery of Slowness	author	Sten Nadolny
Joseph Had a Little Overcoat	author	Simms Taback
Witch Week	author	Diana Wynne Jones
Conceived in Liberty	author	Murray Rothbard
Castle in the Air	author	Diana Wynne Jones
The Infinity Clue	author	Franklin W. Dixon
Terrorist	author	John Updike
The Four-Headed Dragon	author	Franklin W. Dixon
The Crimson Flame	author	Franklin W. Dixon
Trapped at Sea	author	Franklin W. Dixon
Game Plan for Disaster	author	Franklin W. Dixon
Tic-Tac-Terror	author	Franklin W. Dixon
The Billion Dollar Ransom	author	Franklin W. Dixon
Track of the Zombie	author	Franklin W. Dixon
The Thief	author	Megan Whalen Turner
Cyborg	author	Martin Caidin
Blind Faith	author	Joe McGinniss
The Wild Blue	author	Stephen E. Ambrose
A Perfect Stranger	author	Danielle Steel
Reaper's Gale	author	Steven Erikson
Go, Dog. Go!	author	P. D. Eastman
Crusade in Europe	author	Dwight D. Eisenhower
The Future of Freedom	author	Fareed Zakaria
Ken Uston's Guide to Buying and Beating the Home Video Games	author	Ken Uston
Gertrude and Claudius	author	John Updike
The Clue of the Tapping Heels	author	Carolyn Keene
Kazohinia	author	Sándor Szathmári
The Individuated Hobbit	author	Timothy R. O'Neill
Summon the Thunder	author	Dayton Ward
Summon the Thunder	author	Kevin Dilmore
Years in the Making: the Time-Travel Stories of L. Sprague de Camp	author	L. Sprague de Camp
The Scoop and Behind the Screen	author	Hugh Walpole
The Scoop and Behind the Screen	author	Agatha Christie
The Scoop and Behind the Screen	author	Dorothy L. Sayers
The Scoop and Behind the Screen	author	Anthony Berkeley
The Scoop and Behind the Screen	author	E.C. Bentley
The Scoop and Behind the Screen	author	Ronald Knox
The Scoop and Behind the Screen	author	Freeman Wills Crofts
The Scoop and Behind the Screen	author	Clemence Dane
The Purple Pterodactyls	author	L. Sprague de Camp
The Captain's Daughter	author	Aleksandr Pushkin
The Story Girl	author	Lucy Maud Montgomery
Dragon Sword and Wind Child	author	Noriko Ogiwara
A Choice of Magic	author	Ruth Manning-Sanders
The Meaning of Night	author	Michael Cox
If You Give a Mouse a Cookie	author	Laura Numeroff
The Reluctant Shaman and Other Fantastic Tales	author	L. Sprague de Camp
Tales from Gavagan's Bar	author	L. Sprague de Camp and Fletcher Pratt
Chocotto Sister	author	Gō Zappa
The Bird of Night	author	Susan Hill
Jubilee	author	Margaret Walker
Conservatives without Conscience	author	John Dean
Five on a Treasure Island	author	Enid Blyton
The Tough Guide To Fantasyland	author	Diana Wynne Jones
The Haunted Man and the Ghost's Bargain	author	Charles Dickens
Bears Can't Run Downhill	author	Robert Anwood
The Girl at the Lion d'Or	author	Sebastian Faulks
After Doomsday	author	Poul Anderson
A Different Universe	author	Robert B. Laughlin
Babyji	author	Abha Dawesar
The Grass Crown	author	Colleen McCullough
Talking Right	author	Geoffrey Nunberg
Dead Girls	author	Richard Calder
The Young Visiters	author	Daisy Ashford
Dolls	author	Yumiko Kawahara
A Fool's Alphabet	author	Sebastian Faulks
The Flight to Lucifer	author	Harold Bloom
The List of Seven	author	Mark Frost
London Bridges	author	James Patterson
Heart of Gold	author	Sharon Shinn
Line of Delirium	author	Sergei Lukyanenko
Reiko the Zombie Shop	author	Rei Mikamoto
Sorcerer's Son	author	Phyllis Eisenstein
The Tritonian Ring and Other Pusadian Tales	author	L. Sprague de Camp
Czarne oceany	author	Jacek Dukaj
Any Human Heart	author	William Boyd
The Continent Makers and Other Tales of the Viagens	author	L. Sprague de Camp
The Crystal Palace	author	Phyllis Eisenstein
Gurren Lagann	author	Kazuki Nakashima
The Birth of Venus	author	Sarah Dunant
The Worst Band in the Universe	author	Graeme Base
The Class	author	Erich Segal
The Healthy Dead	author	Steven Erikson
Oracle Designer	author	Oracle Corporation
Crash B-Daman	author	Tomoya Kuratani
Sailor Song	author	Ken Kesey
Daredevil	author	Leslie Charteris
The Bedroom Secrets of the Master Chefs	author	Irvine Welsh
Amphibian Man	author	Alexander Belayev
Encounters with the Archdruid	author	John McPhee
The Control of Nature	author	John McPhee
The Skystone	author	Jack Whyte
Thieves of Baghdad	author	Matthew Bogdanos
Fermina Márquez	author	Valery Larbaud
The Saint	author	Burl Barer
The Saint	author	based upon the character by Leslie Charteris
The Saint	author	and the screenplay by Jonathan Hensleigh and Wesley Strick
The Singing Sword	author	Jack Whyte
Memory	author	H.P. Lovecraft
Divide and Rule	author	L. Sprague de Camp
Biographies of Exemplary Women	author	Liu Xiang
The Dhimmi: Jews and Christians Under Islam	author	Bat Ye'or
The Birds of America	author	John James Audubon
The Conservationist	author	Nadine Gordimer
Strands of Starlight	author	Gael Baudino
Confessions of an Heiress	author	Paris Hilton
Confessions of an Heiress	author	Merle Ginsberg
The Pendragon Legend	author	Antal Szerb
Fizzles	author	Samuel Beckett
In His Own Write	author	John Lennon
A Spaniard in the Works	author	John Lennon
The Story of Lucy Gault	author	William Trevor
Character Strengths and Virtues	author	Christopher Peterson and Martin Seligman
The Mystery of the Ivory Charm	author	Carolyn Keene
Nozomi Witches	author	Toshio Nobe
The Descendant	author	H. P. Lovecraft
Legend of Himiko	author	Oh! Great
Owls in the Family	author	Farley Mowat
The Postmodern Condition	author	Jean-François Lyotard
A Soldier's Daughter Never Cries	author	Kaylie Jones
Imprisoned with the Pharaohs	author	H. P. Lovecraft
A Nature Conservation Review	author	Derek Ratcliffe
Captain	author	Akio Chiba
The Saint's Lady	author	Joy Martin
Blond Barbarians and Noble Savages	author	L. Sprague de Camp
The Destiny of the Dead	author	Ian Irvine
Philosophy of Arithmetic	author	Edmund Husserl
Yondering	author	Louis L'Amour
Upstart	author	Scott James Remnant
Ox-Cart Man	author	Donald Hall
Sweet Ermengarde	author	H.P. Lovecraft
The Transition of Juan Romero	author	H.P. Lovecraft
The Street	author	H.P. Lovecraft
A Reminiscence of Dr. Samuel Johnson	author	H.P. Lovecraft
Old Bugs	author	H.P. Lovecraft
Ibid	author	H. P. Lovecraft
Twilight of the Idols	author	Friedrich Nietzsche
The Moon-Bog	author	H. P. Lovecraft
In the Vault	author	H.P. Lovecraft
The Evil Clergyman	author	H. P. Lovecraft
Let's All Kill Constance	author	Ray Bradbury
Elsewhere	author	Michael Barry
Tupac Shakur Legacy	author	Jamal Joseph
L'Encyclopédie du savoir relatif et absolu	author	Bernard Werber
Black Spring	author	Henry Miller
So You Want to Be President%3F	author	Judith St. George
OpenCard Framework	author	IBM, Gemplus
The Flying Trunk	author	Hans Christian Andersen
The Fir-Tree	author	Hans Christian Andersen
Treasure Hunters	author	Jeff Smith
One Man's Chorus: The Uncollected Writings	author	Anthony Burgess
Maze of Moonlight	author	Gael Baudino
Shroud of Shadow	author	Gael Baudino
Strands of Sunlight	author	Gael Baudino
In the Best Families	author	Rex Stout
The Wild Boys	author	William S. Burroughs
Herbert West–Reanimator	author	H. P. Lovecraft
F	author	Anthony Burgess
Lovecraft: A Look Behind the Cthulhu Mythos	author	Lin Carter
My Early Life	author	Winston Spencer Churchill
Abbie Hoffman: American Rebel	author	Marty Jezer
The Fate of the Children	author	Ian Irvine
Back Street	author	Fannie Hurst
Firedoglake	author	Jane Hamsher
Under the Sunset	author	Bram Stoker
Ask Dr. Rin!	author	Kiyoko Arai
Mike Mulligan and His Steam Shovel	author	Virginia Lee Burton
Antarctic Conquest	author	Finn Ronne
Conan and the Spider God	author	L. Sprague de Camp
The Man with the Golden Arm	author	Nelson Algren
God Game	author	Andrew Greeley
The Magic City	author	Edith Nesbit
Agent Arthur's Desert Challenge	author	Martin Oliver
Inferno	author	Troy Denning
The Pedestrian	author	Ray Bradbury
Discourses	author	Meher Baba
Sir Nigel	author	Arthur Conan Doyle
The Most Beautiful Woman in Town	author	Charles Bukowski
Song and Dance Man	author	Karen Ackerman
Cthulhu Mythos anthology	author	H. P. Lovecraft and Others
Cthulhu Mythos anthology	author	edited by Ramsey Campbell
Cthulhu Mythos anthology	author	H. P. Lovecraft & Divers Hands
Cthulhu Mythos anthology	author	edited by Robert M. Price
Cthulhu Mythos anthology	author	edited by Jim Turner
Cthulhu Mythos anthology	author	edited by Stephen Mark Rainey
Cthulhu Mythos anthology	author	edited by John Pelan and Benjamin Adams
Cthulhu Mythos anthology	author	edited by John Sunseri and Thom Brannan
Cthulhu Mythos anthology	author	edited by Darrell Schweitzer
Cthulhu Mythos anthology	author	edited by Silvia Moreno-Garcia and Paula R. Stiles
Cthulhu Mythos anthology	author	edited by Ross E. Lockhart
Cthulhu Mythos anthology	author	edited by Paula Guran
Cthulhu Mythos anthology	author	edited by S. T. Joshi
Cthulhu Mythos anthology	author	edited by Brian M. Sammons and David Conyers
Cthulhu Mythos anthology	author	edited by Ellen Datlow
The Fateful Triangle	author	Noam Chomsky
When Eight Bells Toll	author	Alistair MacLean
Toritsu Mizusho!	author	Hikaru Murozumi
The Prophecy of the Stones	author	Flavia Bujor
The Sword of the Dawn	author	Michael Moorcock
Over the Wine Dark Sea	author	Harry Turtledove
Peter and the Piskies: Cornish Folk and Fairy Tales	author	Ruth Manning-Sanders
A Book of Giants	author	Ruth Manning-Sanders
Emergence	author	David R. Palmer
The Anarchical Society	author	Hedley Bull
The Marching Season	author	Daniel Silva
The 13½ Lives of Captain Bluebear	author	Walter Moers
Young Bloods	author	Simon Scarrow
Men at Birth	author	David Vernon
The Hague Justice Portal	author	
Tom Clancy's Op-Center: Acts of War	author	Jeff Rovin
Still Life with Crows	author	Lincoln Child
Still Life with Crows	author	Douglas Preston
Fire in the Steppe	author	Henryk Sienkiewicz
La Corda d'Oro	author	Yuki Kure
The Deluge	author	Henryk Sienkiewicz
Conquistador	author	S. M. Stirling
The Thief Queen's Daughter	author	Elizabeth Haydon
Cat and Mouse	author	James Patterson
The Kingdom of This World	author	Alejo Carpentier
Slave Ship	author	K. W. Jeter
Conan the Liberator	author	L. Sprague de Camp
Conan the Liberator	author	Lin Carter
Play Ball	author	Akio Chiba
Baksho Rahashya	author	Satyajit Ray
48 Shades of Brown	author	Nick Earls
The Theory of Political Coalitions	author	William H. Riker
First Test	author	Tamora Pierce
The Ape-Man Within	author	L. Sprague de Camp
Conan the Barbarian	author	L. Sprague de Camp
Conan the Barbarian	author	Lin Carter
Conan the Barbarian	author	Catherine Crook de Camp
Tur-Strato 4	author	H. Weinhengst
The Sands of Time	author	Michael Hoeye
No Time Like Show Time	author	Michael Hoeye
What Is To Be Done%3F	author	Nikolai Chernyshevsky
Three Days to Never	author	Tim Powers
Metro	author	Vladimir Varankin
Death Match	author	Lincoln Child
The Enchanted Type-Writer	author	John Kendrick Bangs
Hayate × Blade	author	Shizuru Hayashiya
Throne of Jade	author	Naomi Novik
This Way for the Gas, Ladies and Gentlemen	author	Tadeusz Borowski
Spoiled Rotten America	author	Larry Miller
Pother Kanta	author	Sharadindu Bandyopadhyay
The Brothers K	author	David James Duncan
The Glory That Was	author	L. Sprague de Camp
Kerberos Panzer Cop	author	Mamoru Oshii
Kerberos Panzer Cop	author	Mamoru Oshii
Page	author	Tamora Pierce
Alexandr v tramvaji	author	Pavel Řezníček
Diamonds Are Forever	author	Ian Fleming
Street Magic	author	Tamora Pierce
The Process	author	Brion Gysin
The Turkish Gambit	author	Boris Akunin
When Corruption Was King	author	Robert Cooley, with Hillel Levin
3rd Degree	author	James Patterson
3rd Degree	author	Andrew Gross
Osomatsu-kun	author	Fujio Akatsuka
Rise of the Ogre	author	Cass Browne
Rise of the Ogre	author	Gorillaz
Kredu min, sinjorino!	author	Cezaro Rossetti
White Album	author	Leaf
Mr. Tot Aĉetas Mil Okulojn	author	Jean Forge
Saltego trans Jarmiloj	author	Jean Forge
Conan of the Isles	author	L. Sprague de Camp and Lin Carter
Adequacy.org	author	Site creator is only known by his user name \
Legion	author	William Peter Blatty
Wolf Brother	author	Michelle Paver
Conan the Avenger	author	Robert E. Howard, Björn Nyberg and L. Sprague de Camp
The Tree of Knowledge	author	Pío Baroja
Dead Boys	author	Richard Calder
Abismoj	author	Jean Forge
Seemanto-heera	author	Sharadindu Bandyopadhyay
The Little House	author	Virginia Lee Burton
The Gods of Pegāna	author	Edward Plunkett, 18th Baron Dunsany
Sherlock Holmes's War of the Worlds	author	*
Sherlock Holmes's War of the Worlds	author	Manly Wade Wellman
Sherlock Holmes's War of the Worlds	author	* Wade Wellman
Genus Homo	author	L. Sprague de Camp and P. Schuyler Miller
Kerberos Saga Rainy Dogs	author	Mamoru Oshii
The Return of Conan	author	Björn Nyberg and L. Sprague de Camp
Staying On	author	Paul Mark Scott
Saint Ronan's Well	author	Sir Walter Scott
Witch Wood	author	John Buchan, 1st Baron Tweedsmuir
Google Image Labeler	author	Google
The Island of Sheep	author	John Buchan, 1st Baron Tweedsmuir
Some Buried Caesar	author	Rex Stout
Palace Walk	author	Naguib Mahfouz
You Suck: A Love Story	author	Christopher Moore
What Witches Do	author	Stewart Farrar
Having a Great Birth in Australia	author	David Vernon
The Tangle Box	author	Terry Brooks
The Black Unicorn	author	Terry Brooks
Magic Kingdom for Sale–Sold!	author	Terry Brooks
The Talismans of Shannara	author	Terry Brooks
The Elf Queen of Shannara	author	Terry Brooks
The Druid of Shannara	author	Terry Brooks
A Knight of the Word	author	Terry Brooks
Running with the Demon	author	Terry Brooks
Angel Fire East	author	Terry Brooks
The Three Impostors	author	Arthur Machen
Soldiers of Salamis	author	Javier Cercas
Why Is Sex Fun%3F	author	Jared M. Diamond
Ghost Slayers Ayashi	author	Yaeko Ninagawa
Conan of Aquilonia	author	L. Sprague de Camp and Lin Carter
Fossil Hunter	author	Robert J. Sawyer
The Recollections of Rifleman Harris	author	Benjamin Randell Harris
Sunshine	author	Robin McKinley
Science-Fiction Handbook	author	L. Sprague de Camp
State of Emergency	author	Patrick Buchanan
Conan of Cimmeria	author	Robert E. Howard, L. Sprague de Camp and Lin Carter
A Glass of Blessings	author	Barbara Pym
Touch Not the Cat	author	Mary Stewart
Champagne for One	author	Rex Stout
Special Topics in Calamity Physics	author	Marisha Pessl
The Canon of Judo	author	Kyuzo Mifune
The Invasion	author	K. A. Applegate
Cults in Our Midst	author	Margaret Singer
Cults in Our Midst	author	Janja Lalich
Cults in Our Midst	author	Robert Jay Lifton, Foreword
Conan the Warrior	author	Robert E. Howard
Witches' Brew	author	Terry Brooks
Wizard at Large	author	Terry Brooks
Both Sides of Time	author	Caroline B. Cooney
Prisoner of Time	author	Caroline B. Cooney
The Protector's War	author	S. M. Stirling
Not the End of the World	author	Christopher Brookmyre
The Fox and the Hound	author	Daniel P. Mannix
Bet on the Saint	author	Fleming Lee and Leslie Charteris
Sometimes the Magic Works	author	Terry Brooks
Boogiepop Dual: Losers' Circus	author	Kouhei Kadono
The Overachievers	author	Alexandra Robbins
Conan the Adventurer	author	Robert E. Howard and L. Sprague de Camp
Conan the Freebooter	author	Robert E. Howard and L. Sprague de Camp
Story of the Eye	author	Georges Bataille
Conan	author	Robert E. Howard, L. Sprague de Camp and Lin Carter
The Visitor	author	K. A. Applegate
The Season of the Witch	author	James Leo Herlihy
The Beginning	author	K. A. Applegate
The Encounter	author	K. A. Applegate
The Android	author	K. A. Applegate
The Unlikely Spy	author	Daniel Silva
Cold Fire	author	Tamora Pierce
Wayfarer Redemption	author	Sara Douglass
The Life and Times of the Thunderbolt Kid	author	Bill Bryson
Dragon Zakura	author	Mita Norifusa
Parti Parikatha	author	Phanishwar Nath Renu
The Clan Corporate	author	Charles Stross
The Hidden Family	author	Charles Stross
Imperium	author	Robert Harris
The Athenian Murders	author	José Carlos Somoza
Flipped	author	Wendelin Van Draanen
Conan the Usurper	author	Robert E. Howard and L. Sprague de Camp
The Solar Anus	author	Georges Bataille
Tantrasamgraha	author	Nilakantha Somayaji
Mutants in Avalon	author	James Wallis
Mutants in Avalon	author	Kevin Siembieda
Conan the Wanderer	author	Robert E. Howard, L. Sprague de Camp and Lin Carter
The Power of the Dog	author	Don Winslow
The Don Flows Home to the Sea	author	Michail Aleksandrovich Sholokhov
Curse of the Viking Grave	author	Farley Mowat
Armies of Death	author	Ian Livingstone
The Greening of America	author	Charles A. Reich
Squire	author	Tamora Pierce
Koko	author	Peter Straub
Dawkins' God	author	Alister McGrath
A Suitable Boy	author	Vikram Seth
Count Robert of Paris	author	Sir Walter Scott
Castle Dangerous	author	Sir Walter Scott
The Snowstorm	author	Leo Tolstoy
Genius Loci	author	Ben Aaronovitch
Conan the Buccaneer	author	L. Sprague de Camp and Lin Carter
Positions	author	Jacques Derrida
Google News Archive	author	Google
The Silver Kiss	author	Annette Curtis Klause
How to Be Popular	author	Meg Cabot
A Land Remembered	author	Patrick D. Smith
Conan the Swordsman	author	L. Sprague de Camp, Lin Carter and Björn Nyberg
Tales of Conan	author	Robert E. Howard and L. Sprague de Camp
The Answer	author	K. A. Applegate
The Sunlight Dialogues	author	John Gardner
Tesseract	author	Ray Smith, Hewlett-Packard
Teen Idol	author	Meg Cabot
The Wish	author	Gail Carson Levine
The Little Kingdom	author	Michael Moritz
Most Beloved Sister	author	Astrid Lindgren
The Tiger Rising	author	Kate DiCamillo
Hothouses	author	Maurice Maeterlinck
Sarek	author	A. C. Crispin
The State Counsellor	author	Boris Akunin
The Way We Talk Now	author	Geoffrey Nunberg
In the Eyes of Mr. Fury	author	Philip Ridley
Vampirates: Tide of Terror	author	Justin Somper
The Mystery of the Brass Bound Trunk	author	Carolyn Keene
The Mystery at the Moss-Covered Mansion	author	Carolyn Keene
The Quest of the Missing Map	author	Carolyn Keene
The Clue in the Jewel Box	author	Carolyn Keene
The Secret in the Old Attic	author	Carolyn Keene
The Clue in the Crumbling Wall	author	Carolyn Keene
The Mystery of the Tolling Bell	author	Carolyn Keene
The Clue in the Old Album	author	Carolyn Keene
The Ghost of Blackwood Hall	author	Carolyn Keene
The Clue of the Leaning Chimney	author	Carolyn Keene
Maximum City	author	Suketu Mehta
The Secret of the Wooden Lady	author	Carolyn Keene
The Clue of the Black Keys	author	Carolyn Keene
The Mystery at the Ski Jump	author	Carolyn Keene
The Scarlet Slipper Mystery	author	Carolyn Keene
The Ringmaster's Secret	author	Harriet Stratemeyer Adams
The Hidden Window Mystery	author	Carolyn Keene
The Secret of the Golden Pavilion	author	Carolyn Keene
The Witch Tree Symbol	author	Carolyn Keene
The Clue of the Dancing Puppet	author	Carolyn Keene
The Moonstone Castle Mystery	author	Carolyn Keene
The Phantom of Pine Hill	author	Carolyn Keene
The Clue of the Whistling Bagpipes	author	Carolyn Keene
The Mystery of the 99 Steps	author	Carolyn Keene
The Clue in the Crossword Cipher	author	Carolyn Keene
The Crooked Banister	author	Carolyn Keene
The Spider Sapphire Mystery	author	Carolyn Keene
The Invisible Intruder	author	Carolyn Keene
The Mysterious Mannequin	author	Carolyn Keene
Blood Done Sign My Name	author	Timothy Tyson
Beat Generation	author	Jack Kerouac
Factotum	author	Charles Bukowski
Sexual Politics	author	Kate Millett
Adempiere	author	
You're the Voice: 40 More Days with God	author	Rebecca St. James
Yesterday's Son	author	A. C. Crispin
Time for Yesterday	author	A. C. Crispin
Maigret at the Crossroads	author	Georges Simenon
The Double Jinx Mystery	author	Carolyn Keene
A Spot of Bother	author	Mark Haddon
Maps for Lost Lovers	author	Nadeem Aslam
The Last Theorem	author	Arthur C. Clarke
The Last Theorem	author	Frederik Pohl
Faces of Fear	author	Douglas E. Winter
Short Trips: Time Signature	author	Simon Guerrier
The Strange Message in the Parchment	author	Carolyn Keene
Mystery of Crocodile Island	author	Carolyn Keene
Mystery of the Glowing Eye	author	Carolyn Keene
The Thirteenth Pearl	author	Carolyn Keene
The Wolfen	author	Whitley Strieber
The Strange Case of Peter the Lett	author	Georges Simenon
The Sky Phantom	author	Carolyn Keene
The Secret of the Forgotten City	author	Carolyn Keene
Bengal Nights	author	Mircea Eliade
To Quebec and the Stars	author	H. P. Lovecraft
The Incorporated Knight	author	L. Sprague de Camp and Catherine Crook de Camp
Beauty Pop	author	Kiyoko Arai
Wait for Me: Rediscovering the Joy of Purity in Romance	author	Rebecca St. James
The Red King and the Witch: Gypsy Folk and Fairy Tales	author	Ruth Manning-Sanders
The Pixilated Peeress	author	L. Sprague de Camp and Catherine Crook de Camp
Tilly Witch	author	Don Freeman
A Pocket for Corduroy	author	Don Freeman
Nightrise	author	Anthony Horowitz
That's Not What I Meant!	author	Deborah Tannen
Deep Six	author	Clive Cussler
Cyclops	author	Clive Cussler
Treasure	author	Clive Cussler
Pacific Vortex!	author	Clive Cussler
Der Giftpilz	author	Ernst Hiemer
Code Geass	author	Mamoru Iwasa
Code Geass	author	Majiko!
Code Geass	author	Atsuro Yomino
Code Geass	author	Takuma Tomomasa
Code Geass	author	Ganjii
Werner Erhard	author	William Warren Bartley
Flood Tide	author	Clive Cussler
The Lost Prince	author	Frances Hodgson Burnett
Black Skin, White Masks	author	Frantz Fanon
As Simple as Snow	author	Gregory Galloway
Sebastian	author	Anne Bishop
Sagas of Conan	author	L. Sprague de Camp, Lin Carter and Björn Nyberg
Star Guard	author	Andre Norton
Our Game	author	John le Carré
Mr. Darcy's Daughters	author	Elizabeth Aston
Hills End	author	Ivan Southall
Saint Genet	author	Jean-Paul Sartre
A Drama in Mexico	author	Jules Verne
The Mutineers of the Bounty	author	Jules Verne
Full House Kiss	author	Shiori Yuwa
Sakuran	author	Moyoco Anno
The Hallo-Wiener	author	Dav Pilkey
Comfort Food	author	Noah Ashenhurst
Dolphin Island	author	Arthur C. Clarke
Farstream	author	Collabora
Battle Royale	author	Koushun Takami
Battle Royale	author	Hitoshi Tomizawa
Undoing Gender	author	Judith Butler
The Economics and Ethics of Private Property	author	Hans-Hermann Hoppe
23 Years	author	Ali Dashti; Translated by F.R.C. Bagley, F. R. Bagley
People of Darkness	author	Tony Hillerman
The Machine in the Garden	author	Leo Marx
The Virgin of Zesh	author	L. Sprague de Camp
More New Arabian Nights: The Dynamiter	author	Robert Louis Stevenson
More New Arabian Nights: The Dynamiter	author	Fanny Vandegrift
The Death of Achilles	author	Boris Akunin
The Garin Death Ray	author	Aleksey Nikolayevich Tolstoy
Hadon of Ancient Opar	author	Philip José Farmer
Breakfast at Tiffany's	author	Truman Capote
The Message	author	K. A. Applegate
Hope Leslie	author	Catharine Maria Sedgwick
First Blood	author	David Morrell
The Sea Devil's Eye	author	Mel Odom
The Adventures of Captain Hatteras	author	Jules Verne
The Rings of Saturn	author	W. G. Sebald
Gil Braltar	author	Jules Verne
The Lost Stradivarius	author	J. Meade Falkner
Next	author	Michael Crichton
Frritt-Flacc	author	Jules Verne
Ordinary People	author	Judith Guest
Raising Hell	author	David Weir and Dan Noyes, foreword by Mike Wallace
Otome wa Boku ni Koishiteru	author	Caramel Box
Jonnikin and the Flying Basket: French Folk and Fairy Tales	author	Ruth Manning-Sanders
Black Powder War	author	Naomi Novik
Movies in Fifteen Minutes	author	Cleolinda Jones
The Bone Doll's Twin	author	Lynn Flewelling
Love Junkies	author	Kyo Hatsuki
The Sorrow of Belgium	author	Hugo Claus
William the Detective	author	Richmal Crompton
Bunny Lake Is Missing	author	Merriam Modell
The 85 Ways to Tie a Tie	author	Thomas Fink and Yong Mao
Psycho House	author	Robert Bloch
The Predator	author	K. A. Applegate
The Capture	author	K. A. Applegate
Hope and Other Dangerous Pursuits	author	Laila Lalami
Battlefield Earth	author	L. Ron Hubbard
The Making of Robert E. Lee	author	Michael Fellman
Young Men and Fire	author	Norman Maclean
Philosophical Explanations	author	Robert Nozick
The Nature of Rationality	author	Robert Nozick
Invariances	author	Robert Nozick
The Examined Life	author	Robert Nozick
A Kind of Loving	author	Stan Barstow
A Kid for Two Farthings	author	Wolf Mankowitz
Knight Life	author	Peter David
The Virgin of Zesh & The Tower of Zanid	author	L. Sprague de Camp
Two Hearts	author	Peter S. Beagle
The Green Meadow	author	H. P. Lovecraft
The Green Meadow	author	Winifred V. Jackson
Mirror, Mirror	author	Gregory Maguire
Hidden Warrior	author	Lynn Flewelling
The Lady of the Sorrows	author	Cecilia Dart-Thornton
Rashmirathi	author	Ramdhari Singh 'Dinkar'
The Eclipse: A Memoir of Suicide	author	Antonella Gambotto-Burke
The Pure Weight of the Heart	author	Antonella Gambotto-Burke
1945	author	Newt Gingrich
1945	author	William R. Forstchen
War Trash	author	Ha Jin
The Dark Wind	author	Tony Hillerman
The Sound of His Horn	author	Sarban
Godaan	author	Munshi Premchand
Prefaces	author	Søren Kierkegaard
The Early Admissions Game	author	Christopher Avery
The Early Admissions Game	author	Andrew Fairbanks
The Early Admissions Game	author	Richard Zeckhauser
Marco's Millions	author	William Sleator
New Moon	author	Stephenie Meyer
Celestial Matters	author	Richard Garfinkle
Deryni Rising	author	Katherine Kurtz
The Treasure of Tranicos	author	Robert E. Howard
The Treasure of Tranicos	author	L. Sprague de Camp
Deryni Checkmate	author	Katherine Kurtz
Cameo Murders	author	Barry Shortall
The Great Controversy	author	Ellen White
The Stranger	author	K. A. Applegate
Men Like Gods	author	H. G. Wells
The Intelligent Man's Guide to Science	author	Isaac Asimov
The Genocides	author	Thomas M. Disch
Citizendium	author	Larry Sanger
Jurgen, A Comedy of Justice	author	James Branch Cabell
The Goblin Wood	author	Hilari Bell
Forging the Sword	author	Hilari Bell
Miss Viola Swamp	author	Harry Allard
Summer	author	Edith Wharton
Time of the Twins	author	Margaret Weis
Time of the Twins	author	Tracy Hickman
Fathom Five	author	Robert Westall
Meet the Austins	author	Madeleine L'Engle
Moral Disorder	author	Margaret Atwood
Duma Key	author	Stephen King
The Apprenticeship of Duddy Kravitz	author	Mordecai Richler
The White People	author	Arthur Machen
The Flame Knife	author	Robert E. Howard and L. Sprague de Camp
Sixth Grade Secrets	author	Louis Sachar
Paradise of the Blind	author	Duong Thu Huong
Letter to a Child Never Born	author	Oriana Fallaci
The Great Gilly Hopkins	author	Katherine Paterson
Chrysanthemum	author	Kevin Henkes
The Devil in the White City	author	Erik Larson
Brightness Reef	author	David Brin
Lunch of Blood	author	Antonella Gambotto
High Deryni	author	Katherine Kurtz
Live and Let Die	author	Ian Fleming
I Loved Tiberius	author	Elisabeth Dored
Magic Steps	author	Tamora Pierce
Bikini Planet	author	David S. Garnett
For One More Day	author	Mitch Albom
The Glass Man and the Golden Bird	author	Ruth Manning-Sanders
Ticktock	author	Dean Koontz
Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu: Theory and Technique	author	Renzo Gracie
Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu: Theory and Technique	author	Royler Gracie
Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu: Theory and Technique	author	Kid Peligro
Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu: Theory and Technique	author	John Danaher
Marked by Fire	author	Joyce Carol Thomas
Gianni and the Ogre	author	Ruth Manning-Sanders
Singapore: The Encyclopedia	author	231
The Alien	author	K. A. Applegate
The Witches of Worm	author	Zilpha Keatley Snyder
The Horror at Martin's Beach	author	H. P. Lovecraft
The Horror at Martin's Beach	author	Sonia Greene
The Beast in the Cave	author	H. P. Lovecraft
The Horn of Mortal Danger	author	Lawrence Leonard
The Conan Chronicles 2	author	Robert E. Howard, L. Sprague de Camp and Lin Carter
The Conan Chronicles	author	Robert E. Howard
The Conan Chronicles	author	L. Sprague de Camp
The Conan Chronicles	author	Lin Carter
Song in the Silence	author	Elizabeth Kerner
Google.by	author	Google
Deep River	author	Shusaku Endo
Tales from the Expat Harem	author	Anastasia M. Ashman and Jennifer Eaton Gökmen
Mobile Suit Gundam: The Origin	author	Yoshikazu Yasuhiko
The Children of Húrin	author	J. R. R. Tolkien
Wrong about Japan	author	Peter Carey
The Black Prince	author	Iris Murdoch
The Peasant Marey	author	Fyodor Dostoyevsky
The Reluctant King	author	L. Sprague de Camp
The Reluctant Fundamentalist	author	Mohsin Hamid
The Child Garden	author	Geoff Ryman
Moth Smoke	author	Mohsin Hamid
Foundations of Christianity	author	Karl Kautsky
The Return of Tarzan	author	Edgar Rice Burroughs
Camber of Culdi	author	Katherine Kurtz
Psycho II	author	Robert Bloch
Frostburn	author	Wolfgang Baur, James Jacobs, and George Strayton
Newt	author	Erik Troan, Red Hat engineer
Robert Bloch's Psychos	author	Stephen King
Robert Bloch's Psychos	author	Et al.
As I Walked Out One Midsummer Morning	author	Laurie Lee
The Secret River	author	Kate Grenville
Island in the Sea of Time	author	S. M. Stirling
Flight to Opar	author	Philip José Farmer
The Transsexual Empire	author	Janice Raymond
The Consumer's Guide to Effective Environmental Choices: Practical Advice from the Union of Concerned Scientists	author	Michael Brower
The Consumer's Guide to Effective Environmental Choices: Practical Advice from the Union of Concerned Scientists	author	Warren Leon
A Tree Is Nice	author	Janice May Udry
Up, Up and Oy Vey	author	Simcha Weinstein
Eight Habits of the Heart: Embracing the Values that Build Strong Communities	author	Clifton Taulbert
Once Upon a Time When We Were Colored	author	Clifton Taulbert
The Fifth Form at St. Dominic's	author	Talbot Baines Reed
Hardboiled & Hard Luck	author	Banana Yoshimoto
Oracle's Queen	author	Lynn Flewelling
Coji-Coji	author	Momoko Sakura
Orion	author	Masamune Shirow
Daja's Book	author	Tamora Pierce
Paper Doll	author	Robert B. Parker
Time of Wonder	author	Robert McCloskey
Snakes in Suits	author	Paul Babiak and Robert D. Hare
The Secret	author	K. A. Applegate
Visser	author	K. A. Applegate
Wizards at War	author	Diane Duane
Saint Camber	author	Katherine Kurtz
Queen Bees and Wannabes	author	Rosalind Wiseman
How to Make Money Like a Porn Star	author	Neil Strauss with Bernard Chang
The Pirates! in an Adventure with Communists	author	Gideon Defoe with Richard Murkin
I Put a Spell on You	author	Nina Simone with Stephen Cleary
Resurrection Day	author	Brendan DuBois
Shaheen	author	Naseem Hijazi
Specials	author	Scott Westerfeld
Pretties	author	Scott Westerfeld
The Penguins of Doom	author	Greg R. Fishbone
The Love Machine	author	Jacqueline Susann
My Opposition	author	Friedrich Kellner
Mimi and Toutou Go Forth	author	Giles Foden
The Great Unraveling	author	Paul Krugman
The God Who Is There	author	Francis Schaeffer
The Bighead	author	Edward Lee
The Great History	author	Muhammad al-Bukhari
Al-Kamal fi Asma' al-Rijal	author	Abd al-Ghani al-Maqdisi
Blood and Guts in High School	author	Kathy Acker
Horowitz Horror	author	Anthony Horowitz
An H. P. Lovecraft Encyclopedia	author	S. T. Joshi, David E. Schultz
Tarzan and the Ant Men	author	Edgar Rice Burroughs
The Mask of Apollo	author	Mary Renault
Victory	author	Joseph Conrad
Green Thumb	author	Rob Thomas
The Falls	author	Joyce Carol Oates
A Gentle Creature	author	Fyodor Dostoyevsky
A Causa das Coisas	author	Miguel Esteves Cardoso
Jo's Boys	author	Louisa May Alcott
Mega Man Star Force	author	Ryo Takamisaki
Odeo	author	Evan Williams
Odeo	author	Noah Glass
Out of Time	author	Peter McPherson
The Rescue	author	Joseph Conrad
Nightmare in Pink	author	John D. MacDonald
Fire Tripper	author	Rumiko Takahashi
Salt	author	Adam Roberts
The Lake of Tears	author	Jennifer Rowe
The Forests of Silence	author	Jennifer Rowe
Ethan Brand	author	Nathanial Hawthorne
A Body in the Bath House	author	Lindsey Davis
Enchanted Boy	author	Richie McMullen
The Egg Tree	author	Katherine Milhous
Indiana	author	George Sand
Dimsie Goes to School	author	Dorita Fairlie Bruce
Caps for Sale	author	Esphyr Slobodkina
The Fallible Fiend	author	L. Sprague de Camp
Dimsie Moves Up	author	Dorita Fairlie Bruce
Le Chevalier de Maison-Rouge	author	Alexandre Dumas, père
Gradisil	author	Adam Roberts
Kill the Messenger	author	Tami Hoag
The Three Christs of Ypsilanti	author	Milton Rokeach
The Carved Lions	author	Mary Louisa Molesworth
Doctor De Soto	author	William Steig
26 Fairmount Avenue	author	Tomie dePaola
The Pirate	author	Walter Scott
Father of Lies	author	Brian Evenson
A Shade of Difference	author	Allen Drury
Capable of Honor	author	Allen Drury
Preserve and Protect	author	Allen Drury
The Transall Saga	author	Gary Paulsen
An Instinct for the Kill	author	Antonella Gambotto-Burke
Decline and Fall of the American Programmer	author	Edward Yourdon
Camber the Heretic	author	Katherine Kurtz
Fortune's Favourites	author	Colleen McCullough
The Bishop's Heir	author	Katherine Kurtz
Peony	author	Pearl S. Buck
The Toyminator	author	Robert Rankin
In the Line of Fire: A Memoir	author	Pervez Musharraf
Tome of Battle: The Book of Nine Swords	author	Richard Baker, Matt Sernett, Frank Brunner
Bridge of Souls	author	Fiona McIntosh
Myrren's Gift	author	Fiona McIntosh
Savage Inequalities	author	Jonathan Kozol
The Runestaff	author	Michael Moorcock
La Terre	author	Émile Zola
Traitor's Purse	author	Margery Allingham
Ishmael	author	Barbara Hambly
The Sherwood Ring	author	Elizabeth Marie Pope
The Red Peri	author	Stanley G. Weinbaum
Stowaway to the Mushroom Planet	author	Eleanor Cameron
The Wonderful Flight to the Mushroom Planet	author	Eleanor Cameron
Imperial Woman	author	Pearl S. Buck
Furies of Calderon	author	Jim Butcher
When Darkness Falls	author	Mercedes Lackey and James Mallory
M×0	author	Yasuhiro Kanō
Neuro: Supernatural Detective	author	Yūsei Matsui
The King's Justice	author	Katherine Kurtz
Amaryllis Night and Day	author	Russell Hoban
A Woman of Substance	author	Barbara Taylor Bradford
The Practice of the Presence of God	author	Brother Lawrence
The Practice of the Presence of God	author	Compiled by Father Joseph de Beaufort
Let It Come Down	author	Paul Bowles
The Stones of Summer	author	Dow Mossman
Byte Beautiful: Eight Science Fiction Stories	author	James Tiptree, Jr.
Tidal Moon	author	Stanley G. Weinbaum and Helen Weinbaum
Grave of the Fireflies	author	Akiyuki Nosaka
Whittington	author	Alan Armstrong
Scorpions	author	Walter Dean Myers
A Very Private Life	author	Michael Frayn
Vinland	author	George Mackay Brown
Eucalyptus	author	Murray Bail
Conviction	author	Richard North Patterson
Norwegian Electronic Health Library	author	Norwegian Institute of Public Health
The Bull from the Sea	author	Mary Renault
Fun Fun Factory	author	Yoshitomo Watanabe
Rise of a Hero	author	Hilari Bell
The Last Summer of Reason	author	Tahar Djaout
Tremor of Intent: An Eschatological Spy Novel	author	Anthony Burgess
For a New Liberty	author	Murray Rothbard
Love Medicine	author	Louise Erdrich
How Much for Just the Planet%3F	author	John M. Ford
Sender Unknown	author	Sallie Lowenstein
Simpy	author	Otis Gospodnetic
The Goose-Step	author	Upton Sinclair
IUP	author	Tecgraf/PUC-Rio in collaboration with Petrobras
The Purcell Papers	author	Joseph Sheridan Le Fanu
Journey to the River Sea	author	Eva Ibbotson
The Devils of Loudun	author	Aldous Huxley
Electric Brae	author	Andrew Greig
Fledgling	author	Octavia Butler
Sacred Hunger	author	Barry Unsworth
Bhoomi	author	National Informatics Centre, Karnataka
Hungry Hill	author	Daphne du Maurier
Uma Deusa na Bruma	author	João Aguiar
The Flag	author	Robert Shaw
The Sun Doctor	author	Robert Shaw
A Card from Morocco	author	Robert Shaw
Mark Coffin, U.S.S.	author	Allen Drury
Hollywood Wives	author	Jackie Collins
The Wise Men	author	Walter Isaacson
The Wise Men	author	Evan Thomas
Wild Rock	author	Kazusa Takashima
Draconian Measures	author	Don Perrin and Margaret Weis
The Conan Reader	author	L. Sprague de Camp
State of Denial	author	Bob Woodward
Magic	author	William Goldman
The Machine's Child	author	Kage Baker
Kero Kero Chime	author	Maguro Fujita
Wolves Eat Dogs	author	Martin Cruz Smith
Uncle Silas	author	J. Sheridan Le Fanu
The Phoenix	author	Henning Boëtius
Socratic Puzzles	author	Robert Nozick
Plain Tales from the Hills	author	Rudyard Kipling
The Conan Swordbook	author	edited by L. Sprague de Camp and George H. Scithers
The Landry News	author	Andrew Clements
Things Not Seen	author	Andrew Clements
The Conan Grimoire	author	L. Sprague de Camp
The Conan Grimoire	author	George H. Scithers
I Am NOT Going to Get Up Today!	author	Dr. Seuss
I Am NOT Going to Get Up Today!	author	James Stevenson
The Occult Reich	author	James Herbert Brennan
Skylark	author	Patricia MacLachlan
Smoky Night	author	Eve Bunting
Janissaries	author	Jerry Pournelle
Systems of Survival	author	Jane Jacobs
Shadowplay	author	Tad Williams
Mouse Soup	author	Arnold Lobel
Private Peaceful	author	Michael Morpurgo
Janissaries II: Clan and Crown	author	Jerry Pournelle and Roland J. Green
Janissaries III: Storms of Victory	author	Jerry Pournelle and Roland J. Green
The Lottie Project	author	Jacqueline Wilson
Rite: Short Work	author	Tad Williams
The Ghost Map	author	Steven Berlin Johnson
Only Forward	author	Michael Marshall Smith
Hamlet's Mill	author	Giorgio de Santillana, Hertha von Dechend
Larklight	author	Philip Reeve
Red Seas Under Red Skies	author	Scott Lynch
Owl Moon	author	Jane Yolen
The Mis-Education of the Negro	author	Carter G. Woodson
Children of Orpheus	author	Hendrik Bulthuis
Toons for Our Times	author	Berkeley Breathed
Penguin Dreams and Stranger Things	author	Berkeley Breathed
A Modern Utopia	author	H. G. Wells
Stormrider	author	David Gemmell
The Birds of Africa	author	C. Hilary Fry, Stuart Keith, Emil Urban
On the Track of Unknown Animals	author	Bernard Heuvelmans
Communion	author	Whitley Strieber
Trinity Blood	author	Sunao Yoshida
Trinity Blood	author	Kentaro Yasui
Trinity Blood	author	Kiyo Kyujyo
The Shadow in the North	author	Philip Pullman
The Tiger in the Well	author	Philip Pullman
The Tin Princess	author	Philip Pullman
The Cone Gatherers	author	Robin Jenkins
Before the Law	author	Franz Kafka
The Adding Machine: Collected Essays	author	William S. Burroughs
Loose Tails	author	Berkeley Breathed
Blade Runner	author	William S. Burroughs
Blade Runner	author	based on The Bladerunner by Alan E. Nourse
Sam, Bangs and Moonshine	author	Evaline Ness
Natsu no Arashi!	author	Jin Kobayashi
The Reception of Derrida	author	Michael Thomas
May I Bring a Friend%3F	author	Beatrice Schenk de Regniers
Always Room for One More	author	Sorche Nic Leodhas
Taltos	author	Steven Brust
Phoenix	author	Steven Brust
Orca	author	Steven Brust
Dragon	author	Steven Brust
Me'am Lo'ez	author	Yaakov Culi
Me'am Lo'ez	author	Yitzhak Magriso
Me'am Lo'ez	author	Yitzhak Bechor Agruiti
Me'am Lo'ez	author	Rachamim Menachem Mitrani
Me'am Lo'ez	author	Raphael Chiyya Pontremoli
Issola	author	Steven Brust
Death of an Expert Witness	author	P. D. James
The Cat Inside	author	William S. Burroughs
Ghost of Chance	author	William S. Burroughs
The Wu-Tang Manual	author	RZA
The Wu-Tang Manual	author	Chris Norris
Wringer	author	Jerry Spinelli
Belle Teal	author	Ann M. Martin
A Corner of the Universe	author	Ann M. Martin
Tortoise Tales	author	Ruth Manning-Sanders
Sex in Video Games	author	Brenda Romero
The Ghostway	author	Tony Hillerman
The Panic of 1819	author	Murray Rothbard
Sten Adventures Book 3: The Court of a Thousand Suns	author	Chris Bunch and Allan Cole
Sten Adventures Book 2: The Wolf Worlds	author	Chris Bunch and Allan Cole
A Thief of Time	author	Tony Hillerman
Hiawatha	author	Hugo Leisink
Darkwitch Rising	author	Sara Douglass
The Quest for Saint Camber	author	Katherine Kurtz
Sten Adventures Book 4: Fleet of the Damned	author	Chris Bunch and Allan Cole
The Magic Christian	author	Terry Southern
Over My Dead Body	author	Rex Stout
The Queen's Fool	author	Philippa Gregory
How Girls Can Help to Build Up the Empire	author	Agnes Baden-Powell
How Girls Can Help to Build Up the Empire	author	Robert Baden-Powell, 1st Baron Baden-Powell
Hope Was Here	author	Joan Bauer
Kentucky Ham	author	William S. Burroughs, Jr.
Tokimeki Memorial Only Love	author	Pairan
Garfield At Large: His First Book	author	Jim Davis
Flying Blind	author	Max Allan Collins
The Imaginary	author	Isaac Asimov
Endgame	author	Derrick Jensen
The Anatomy of Dependence	author	Takeo Doi
The Hazing	author	Isaac Asimov
Penguin Revolution	author	Sakura Tsukuba
The Other Log of Phileas Fogg	author	Philip José Farmer
Man Descending	author	Guy Vanderhaeghe
The J Curve: A New Way to Understand Why Nations Rise and Fall	author	Ian Bremmer
The Discovery of the Unconscious	author	Henri Ellenberger
A Riddle of Roses	author	Caryl Cude Mullin
Fer-de-Lance	author	Rex Stout
Infidel: My Life	author	Ayaan Hirsi Ali
Races of Destiny	author	David Noonan, Eric Cagle, and Aaron Rosenberg
Human Croquet	author	Kate Atkinson
The Gernsback Continuum	author	William Gibson
The Sword of Paros	author	Kaoru Kurimoto
My Present Age	author	Guy Vanderhaeghe
San Andreas	author	Alistair MacLean
Scanners Live in Vain	author	Cordwainer Smith
Ping-Pong Club	author	Minoru Furuya
Wolf's Head, Wolf's Heart	author	Jane Lindskold
Six Thinking Hats	author	Edward de Bono
The Harrowing of Gwynedd	author	Katherine Kurtz
Ever Since Darwin	author	Stephen Jay Gould
Peter Pan in Scarlet	author	Geraldine McCaughrean
Just Ella	author	Margaret Peterson Haddix
Ultraviolet	author	Yvonne Navarro
That Summer	author	Andrew Greig
Getting It	author	Alex Sanchez
Thirteen Bullets	author	David Wellington
Man in the Holocene	author	Max Frisch
To Light a Candle	author	Mercedes Lackey and James Mallory
The Return of John MacNab	author	Andrew Greig
Danny Dunn, Invisible Boy	author	Raymond Abrashkin
Danny Dunn, Invisible Boy	author	Jay Williams
When They Lay Bare	author	Andrew Greig
In Another Light	author	Andrew Greig
The Wish Giver	author	Bill Brittain
Sinner	author	Sara Douglass
Pilgrim	author	Sara Douglass
RedRobe	author	Jon Courtenay Grimwood
Entity	author	Poul Anderson and John Gergen
The Years	author	Virginia Woolf
King Javan's Year	author	Katherine Kurtz
The Collected Stories of Vernor Vinge	author	Vernor Vinge
Crusader	author	Sara Douglass
Cythera	author	Richard Calder
The Sculptress	author	Minette Walters
The Runaway Bunny	author	Margaret Wise Brown
Mon Nationalism and Civil War in Burma	author	Ashley South
New History of the Five Dynasties	author	Ouyang Xiu
P.S. Longer Letter Later	author	Paula Danziger and Ann M. Martin
Snail Mail No More	author	Paula Danzinger and Ann M. Martin
Eleven Kids, One Summer	author	Ann M. Martin
Yours Turly, Shirley	author	Ann M. Martin
Here Today	author	Ann M. Martin
A Dog's Life: The Autobiography of a Stray	author	Ann M. Martin
The Meanest Doll in the World	author	Ann M. Martin, Laura Godwin
Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell: Checkmate	author	David Michaels
Killer on the Road	author	James Ellroy
The Boleyn Inheritance	author	Philippa Gregory
Leonardo's Mountain of Clams and the Diet of Worms	author	Stephen Jay Gould
Eight Lectures on Yoga	author	Aleister Crowley
Quicker Than the Eye	author	Ray Bradbury
Ghanada	author	Premendra Mitra
The Bastard Prince	author	Katherine Kurtz
Fly Away Peter	author	David Malouf
Princess Diana's Revenge	author	Michael de Larrabeiti
Those Who Walk in Darkness	author	John Ridley
Deathwatch	author	Robb White
Melting Stones	author	Tamora Pierce
Montada	author	Remal IT
An Introduction to Old Norse	author	E. V. Gordon
King Kelson's Bride	author	Katherine Kurtz
Clade	author	Mark Budz
Cheater	author	Orson Scott Card
Creationism's Trojan Horse	author	Barbara Forrest and Paul R. Gross
Manchester Slingback	author	Nicholas Blincoe
Tarzan Alive: A Definitive Biography of Lord Greystoke	author	Philip José Farmer
Kaaterskill Falls	author	Allegra Goodman
Undaunted Courage	author	Stephen E. Ambrose
Hubris: The Inside Story of Spin, Scandal, and the Selling of the Iraq War	author	Michael Isikoff and David Corn
CollectSPACE	author	Robert Pearlman
Culture Warrior	author	Bill O'Reilly
Starter for Ten	author	David Nicholls
I Have Landed	author	Stephen Jay Gould
LyricWikia	author	Wikia:lyrics:User:Sean Colombo
Watt	author	Samuel Beckett
The Line of Polity	author	Neal Asher
Polity Agent	author	Neal Asher
Angel Rock	author	Darren Williams
The Lying Stones of Marrakech	author	Stephen Jay Gould
Kleinzeit	author	Russell Hoban
Put Out More Flags	author	Evelyn Waugh
Mercier and Camier	author	Samuel Beckett
Metzengerstein	author	Edgar Allan Poe
D-Live!!	author	Ryōji Minagawa
The Vivisector	author	Patrick White
The Valley of Bones	author	Anthony Powell
The Inheritance of Loss	author	Kiran Desai
The Skinner	author	Neal Asher
Wolfskin	author	Juliet Marillier
John Macnab	author	John Buchan
The Village by the Sea	author	Anita Desai
Voyage to Faremido	author	Frigyes Karinthy
Prisoner's Base	author	Rex Stout
What Color is Your Parachute%3F	author	Richard Nelson Bolles
The Enchanter Completed: A Tribute Anthology for L. Sprague de Camp	author	edited by Harry Turtledove
The Constitution of Liberty	author	Friedrich Hayek
Restoration	author	Rose Tremain
The Road	author	Cormac McCarthy
Aliens vs. Predator	author	Steve Perry, Stephani Perry, and David Bischoff
The Moth Diaries	author	Rachel Klein
Stationary Bike	author	Stephen King
The Making of the Atomic Bomb	author	Richard Rhodes
In the King's Service	author	Katherine Kurtz
The Lion	author	Joseph Kessel
Childe Morgan	author	Katherine Kurtz
Aristopia	author	Castello Holford
The Voyage of QV66	author	Penelope Lively
Inferno	author	August Strindberg
The Law of Dreams	author	Peter Behrens
Books Do Furnish a Room	author	Anthony Powell
Unstrange Minds	author	Roy Richard Grinker
A Christmas Memory	author	Truman Capote
The Venus of Konpara	author	John Masters
The Hitchhiker's Guide to Lean	author	Jamie Flinchbaugh, Andy Carlino, with foreword by: Dennis Pawley
The World Next Door	author	Brad Ferguson
The Brief History of the Dead	author	Kevin Brockmeier
The Female Brain	author	Louann Brizendine
Mental Radio	author	Upton Sinclair
Dark Wraith of Shannara	author	story adapted by Robert Place Napton; produced by Terry Brooks
The Illustrated Mum	author	Jacqueline Wilson
Wolfcry	author	Amelia Atwater-Rhodes
The Composer Is Dead	author	text by Lemony Snicket; music by Nathaniel Stookey
Evolution: A Theory in Crisis	author	Michael Denton
Rocks of Ages	author	Stephen Jay Gould
Encyclopedia of Unusual Sex Practices	author	Brenda Love
The Man-Eater of Malgudi	author	R.K. Narayan
Banker to the Poor	author	Muhammad Yunus
Banker to the Poor	author	Alan Jolis
Finite and Infinite Games	author	James P. Carse
The Anomalies	author	Joey Goebel
The White Castle	author	Orhan Pamuk
Torture the Artist	author	Joey Goebel
Nothing But Blue Skies	author	Tom Holt
Tempting Faith: An Inside Story of Political Seduction	author	David Kuo
Questioning the Millennium	author	Stephen Jay Gould
Night and Day	author	Virginia Woolf
Venus in Furs	author	Leopold von Sacher-Masoch
Crimes of War	author	Roy Gutman
Crimes of War	author	David Rieff
Reminiscences of a Stock Operator	author	Edwin Lefèvre
Behind Enemy Lines	author	Marthe Cohn
Behind Enemy Lines	author	Wendy Holden
The Headless Bust	author	Edward Gorey
Song Without Words	author	Lynd Ward
Spinoza: Practical Philosophy	author	Gilles Deleuze
A Bad Case of Stripes	author	David Shannon
Controversy Creates Cash	author	Eric Bischoff
Controversy Creates Cash	author	Jeremy Roberts
Black Water	author	Joyce Carol Oates
Yoake Mae yori Ruriiro na	author	August
The FairTax Book	author	Neal Boortz
The FairTax Book	author	John Linder
Venus in Copper	author	Lindsey Davis
In Search of Schrödinger's Cat	author	John Gribbin
Monday Mourning	author	Kathy Reichs
Chaos: Making a New Science	author	James Gleick
Castles of Steel	author	Robert K. Massie
Gambit	author	Rex Stout
Roald Dahl: Collected Stories	author	Roald Dahl
Roald Dahl: Collected Stories	author	Jeremy Treglown
Glasshouse	author	Charles Stross
More Tales of the Unexpected	author	Roald Dahl
Deathswitch	author	David Eagleman
Romance of Darkness	author	Chie Shinohara
A Bathroom of Her Own	author	Robert A. Heinlein
The Emperor's Fan	author	L. Sprague de Camp
The Weapon Too Dreadful to Use	author	Isaac Asimov
Soulless: Ann Coulter and the Right-Wing Church of Hate	author	Susan Estrich
No Connection	author	Isaac Asimov
Under the Skin	author	Michel Faber
Half-Breed	author	Isaac Asimov
The Magnificent Possession	author	Isaac Asimov
Kujibiki Unbalance	author	Shimoku Kio
Kujibiki Unbalance	author	Tatsuya Hamazaki
A Theory of Relativity	author	Jacquelyn Mitchard
With the Light	author	Keiko Tobe
Two Fables	author	Roald Dahl
The Audacity of Hope	author	Barack Obama
Alchemical Studies	author	Carl Jung
Millicent Min, Girl Genius	author	Lisa Yee
Psychological Types	author	Carl Jung
Flower of Eden	author	Yuki Suetsugu
Horseradish: Bitter Truths You Can't Avoid	author	Lemony Snicket
The Tesseract	author	Alex Garland
Half-Breeds on Venus	author	Isaac Asimov
The Blade of Conan	author	L. Sprague de Camp
The Spell of Conan	author	L. Sprague de Camp
Dark Forces	author	Kirby McCauley
Hades' Daughter	author	Sara Douglass
Sing to the Dawn	author	Minfong Ho
The Andalite's Gift	author	K. A. Applegate
The Price of the Ticket	author	James Baldwin
In the Time of Dinosaurs	author	K. A. Applegate
Memories with Food at Gipsy House	author	Roald Dahl
Memories with Food at Gipsy House	author	Felicity Dahl
Rhyme Stew	author	Roald Dahl
My Year	author	Roald Dahl
Sometime Never: A Fable for Supermen	author	Roald Dahl
Icerigger	author	Alan Dean Foster
Iraq Study Group Report	author	Co-chair James Baker
Iraq Study Group Report	author	Co-chair Lee H. Hamilton
Iraq Study Group Report	author	Lawrence S. Eagleburger
Iraq Study Group Report	author	Vernon E. Jordan, Jr.
Iraq Study Group Report	author	Edwin Meese III
Iraq Study Group Report	author	Sandra Day O’Connor
Iraq Study Group Report	author	Leon Panetta
Iraq Study Group Report	author	William J. Perry
Iraq Study Group Report	author	Charles S. Robb
Iraq Study Group Report	author	Alan K. Simpson
Body of Evidence	author	Patricia Cornwell
Unnatural Exposure	author	Patricia Cornwell
Hornet's Nest	author	Patricia Cornwell
Cause of Death	author	Patricia Cornwell
From Potter's Field	author	Patricia Cornwell
The Body Farm	author	Patricia Cornwell
Cruel and Unusual	author	Patricia Cornwell
All That Remains	author	Patricia Cornwell
The Jade Trilogy	author	Noriko Ogiwara
The American Diary of a Japanese Girl	author	Yone Noguchi
Irretrievable	author	Theodor Fontane
Ghost Hunt	author	Fuyumi Ono
The Doraemons	author	Tanaka Michiaki
Dorabase	author	Shintaro Mugiwara
Back to Before	author	K. A. Applegate
The Wild Irish Girl	author	Sydney Owenson
The Betrothed	author	Sir Walter Scott
The Titan's Curse	author	Rick Riordan
Immodest Proposals	author	William Tenn, Edited by Mary Tabasko and James A. Mann
The Great Fetish	author	L. Sprague de Camp
Hellsing	author	Kouta Hirano
Hellsing	author	Kouta Hirano
Ladies Almanack	author	Djuna Barnes
Crazy Therapies	author	Margaret Singer
Crazy Therapies	author	Janja Lalich
Captive Hearts, Captive Minds	author	Madeleine Landau Tobias
Captive Hearts, Captive Minds	author	Janja Lalich
Captive Hearts, Captive Minds	author	Michael Langone
The Master of Hestviken	author	Sigrid Undset
The Man Who Knew Infinity	author	Robert Kanigel
Bounded Choice	author	Janja Lalich
The Politically Incorrect Guide to American History	author	Thomas E. Woods
Billy and the Boingers Bootleg	author	Berkeley Breathed
Mr. Tall	author	Roger Hargreaves
Combatting Cult Mind Control	author	Steven Hassan
The Price of Privilege	author	Madeline Levine, Ph.D.
The Twelve Little Cakes	author	Dominika Dery
The Glass Inferno	author	Thomas N. Scortia and Frank M. Robinson
Doppelganger	author	Marie Brennan
Be-Bop High School	author	Kazuhiro Kiuchi
Blueberries for Sal	author	Robert McCloskey
Angel-Seeker	author	Sharon Shinn
The Alleluia Files	author	Sharon Shinn
The Truth-Teller's Tale	author	Sharon Shinn
Technics and Civilization	author	Lewis Mumford
Jovah's Angel	author	Sharon Shinn
Wish You Were Here	author	Tom Holt
The Yiddish Policemen's Union	author	Michael Chabon
The Oxford Murders	author	Guillermo Martínez
Damian and the Dragon: Modern Greek Folk-Tales	author	Ruth Manning-Sanders
Living for the Day After Tomorrow	author	J-ta Yamada
Bad Blood	author	Lorna Sage
Swords and Sorcery	author	edited by  L. Sprague de Camp
The Spell of Seven	author	edited by  L. Sprague de Camp
Force 10 From Navarone	author	Alistair MacLean
Chikyu Misaki	author	Yūji Iwahara
Dokaben	author	Shinji Mizushima
More Tomorrow & Other Stories	author	Michael Marshall Smith
Off the Main Sequence	author	Robert A. Heinlein
The Pit	author	Frank Norris
Danny and the Dinosaur	author	Syd Hoff
Negative Dialectics	author	Theodor W. Adorno
Hataraki Man	author	Moyoco Anno
The Fantastic Swordsmen	author	edited by  L. Sprague de Camp
Warlocks and Warriors	author	edited by  L. Sprague de Camp
Space Viking	author	H. Beam Piper
The Discoverers	author	Daniel Boorstin
The Wounded Land	author	Stephen R. Donaldson
White Gold Wielder	author	Stephen R. Donaldson
The One Tree	author	Stephen R. Donaldson
Water	author	Bapsi Sidhwa
Double Persephone	author	Margaret Atwood
Prayer for a Child	author	Rachel Field
Twig	author	Elizabeth Orton Jones
Eldritch Wizardry	author	Gary Gygax and Brian Blume
Big Susan	author	Elizabeth Orton Jones
Andra	author	Louise Lawrence
Old History of the Five Dynasties	author	Xue Juzheng et al.
Aliens: Earth Hive	author	Steve Perry
Out of Africa	author	Karen Blixen
With Every Mistake	author	Gwynne Dyer
Mad White Giant	author	Benedict Allen
None but Lucifer	author	Horace L. Gold and L. Sprague de Camp
Zündels Abgang	author	Markus Werner
John Henry Days	author	Colson Whitehead
I Dream of Mimi	author	Kaoru Shintani
Our Everlasting	author	Toko Kawai
Zombie	author	Joyce Carol Oates
Déjà Dead	author	Kathy Reichs
Death du Jour	author	Kathy Reichs
Golem	author	David Wisniewski
Treasure of Khan	author	Clive Cussler
Treasure of Khan	author	Dirk Cussler
Arrow to the Sun	author	Gerald McDermott
Thumbsucker	author	Walter Kirn
The Creators	author	Daniel Boorstin
Styles of Radical Will	author	Susan Sontag
Deadly Decisions	author	Kathy Reichs
Who's Afraid of Beowulf%3F	author	Tom Holt
Expecting Someone Taller	author	Tom Holt
Dorsai!	author	Gordon R. Dickson
Harold and the Purple Crayon	author	Crockett Johnson
Bloom County Babylon	author	Berkeley Breathed
A House Like a Lotus	author	Madeleine L'Engle
The Carrot Seed	author	Ruth Krauss
Sefer Hasidim	author	Judah ben Samuel of Regensburg
Nightjohn	author	Gary Paulsen
Ontogeny and Phylogeny	author	Stephen Jay Gould
Treasure Box	author	Orson Scott Card
Md5deep	author	Jesse Kornblum
The Echo Maker	author	Richard Powers
Dumb Luck	author	Vu Trong Phung
Take a Girl Like You	author	Kingsley Amis
The Time of Our Singing	author	Richard Powers
It's Halloween	author	Jack Prelutsky
Heredity	author	Isaac Asimov
Slowness	author	Milan Kundera
Paint Your Dragon	author	Tom Holt
Here Comes the Sun	author	Tom Holt
Leap into Darkness	author	Leo Bretholz
Leap into Darkness	author	Michael Olesker
Dragons of the Dwarven Depths	author	Tracy Hickman and Margaret Weis
Lord Kalvan of Otherwhen	author	H. Beam Piper
Dr. DivX	author	DivX, Inc.
The Fight for Canada	author	David Orchard
The Enchanter Reborn	author	L. Sprague de Camp and Christopher Stasheff
The Hedgehog, the Fox, and the Magister's Pox	author	Stephen Jay Gould
The Big Hunt	author	Lance Parkin
Sharpe's Christmas	author	Bernard Cornwell
Time of our Darkness	author	Stephen Gray
T zero	author	Italo Calvino
The Exotic Enchanter	author	L. Sprague de Camp and Christopher Stasheff
Coyote Waits	author	Tony Hillerman
The Maze	author	Panos Karnezis
Swan	author	Kyoko Ariyoshi
The City of Ravens	author	Richard Baker
The Last of the Jedi: Return of the Dark Side	author	Jude Watson
Golden Cain	author	You Asagiri
Red Star, Winter Orbit	author	William Gibson and Bruce Sterling
Venus in Love	author	Yuki Nakaji
Endymion	author	Dan Simmons
Brain	author	Robin Cook
Sharpe's Escape	author	Bernard Cornwell
Hitcents	author	Chris Mills
Hitcents	author	Clinton Mills
Obatarian	author	Katsuhiko Hotta
The Survivors of the Chancellor	author	Jules Verne
Until the Full Moon	author	Sanami Matoh
A Girl Named Disaster	author	Nancy Farmer
The Seekers	author	Daniel Boorstin
Selfish Love	author	Naduki Koujima
Thunder Oak	author	Garry Kilworth
Tales Too Ticklish to Tell	author	Berkeley Breathed
The Compleat Enchanter	author	L. Sprague de Camp and Fletcher Pratt
Time for a Tiger	author	Anthony Burgess
War of the Twins	author	Margaret Weis and Tracy Hickman
Game Center Arashi	author	Mitsuru Sugaya
The Circular Ruins	author	Jorge Luis Borges
Clan of the Nakagamis	author	Homerun Ken
Finding Darwin's God	author	Kenneth R. Miller
On Beauty	author	Zadie Smith
Haters	author	Alisa Valdes-Rodriguez
Selby's Secret	author	Duncan Ball
The Green Berets	author	Robin Moore
The New Biographical Dictionary of Film	author	David Thomson
I Sold My Soul on eBay	author	Hemant Mehta
JQuery	author	John Resig
The Stars Are Ours!	author	Andre Norton
The Complete Compleat Enchanter	author	L. Sprague de Camp and Fletcher Pratt
A Fortunate Life	author	A.B. Facey
Brother	author	Yuzuha Ougi
American Appetites	author	Joyce Carol Oates
Lenin	author	Alan Brien
Jeremy Thatcher, Dragon Hatcher	author	Bruce Coville
Guts: The True Stories Behind Hatchet and the Brian Books	author	Gary Paulsen
Webkinz	author	Ganz
Yavana Rani	author	Sandilyan
Killer in the Rain	author	Raymond Chandler
Ghost Story	author	Peter Straub
Heart Full of Soul: An Inspirational Memoir About Finding Your Voice and Finding Your Way	author	Taylor Hicks
Book of Sketches	author	Killary Clinton
A Far Sunset	author	Edmund Cooper
Punch!	author	Rie Takada
Gift	author	Mako Komao
Gift	author	Yukiwo
Darkly Dreaming Dexter	author	Jeff Lindsay
The Doomsters	author	Ross Macdonald
One Hand Clapping	author	Anthony Burgess
Finder Series	author	Yamane Ayano
Through Violet Eyes	author	Stephen Woodworth
With Red Hands	author	Stephen Woodworth
From Black Rooms	author	Stephen Woodworth
In Golden Blood	author	Stephen Woodworth
I Am a Barbarian	author	Edgar Rice Burroughs
Wigfield	author	Amy Sedaris
Wigfield	author	Paul Dinello
Wigfield	author	Stephen Colbert
Complete Mage	author	Skip Williams, Penny Williams, Ari Marmell and Kolja Raven Liquette
Randamoozham	author	M. T. Vasudevan Nair
Pharyngula	author	PZ Myers
Live from Golgotha: The Gospel According to Gore Vidal	author	Gore Vidal
The Night of the Mary Kay Commandos	author	Berkeley Breathed
90 Minutes in Heaven	author	Don Piper with Cecil Murphey
Confessions of a Yakuza	author	Junichi Saga
Egalitarianism as a Revolt Against Nature and Other Essays	author	Murray Rothbard
Hyperion	author	Friedrich Hölderlin
Rose Hip Rose	author	Tooru Fujisawa
Katrina	author	Sally Salminen
The Blind Side: Evolution of a Game	author	Michael Lewis
Family Without a Name	author	Jules Verne
Leonardo da Vinci: The Flights of the Mind	author	Charles Nicholl
The First Intimate Contact	author	Tsai Jhi-hsin
Krabat	author	Otfried Preußler
Founding Brothers	author	Joseph Ellis
A Statue for Father	author	Isaac Asimov
Ruby Holler	author	Sharon Creech
The Pinhoe Egg	author	Diana Wynne Jones
Tracks	author	Louise Erdrich
Tea with the Black Dragon	author	R. A. MacAvoy
San Sombrèro	author	Tom Gleisner
San Sombrèro	author	Santo Cilauro
San Sombrèro	author	Rob Sitch
The Fabulous Clipjoint	author	Fredric Brown
Passing	author	Nella Larsen
The Physics of Star Trek	author	Lawrence M. Krauss
The Little White Horse	author	Elizabeth Goudge
Clea	author	Lawrence Durrell
News Lab	author	News Digital Media
The Phantom Blooper	author	Gustav Hasford
A Year at the Movies: One Man's Filmgoing Odyssey	author	Kevin Murphy
Abecedarium	author	Primož Trubar
Kamunagara	author	Hajime Yamamura
Rupasi Bangla	author	Jibanananda Das
The Wealthy Barber	author	David Barr Chilton
A Traveler from Altruria	author	William Dean Howells
In Praise of Shadows	author	Jun'ichirō Tanizaki
Lovely Idol	author	Kohki Kanoh
Lovely Idol	author	Agobaria
The Memoirs of Cleopatra	author	Margaret George
Black Hearts in Battersea	author	Joan Aiken
The Deerslayer	author	James Fenimore Cooper
Does My Head Look Big in This%3F	author	Randa Abdel-Fattah
Ten Things I Hate About Me	author	Randa Abdel-Fattah
Eight Hundred Leagues on the Amazon	author	Jules Verne
Suprnova.org	author	Andrej Preston
North and South	author	John Jakes
Fires on the Plain	author	Ōoka Shōhei
War Is a Force That Gives Us Meaning	author	Chris Hedges
Jazz	author	Sakae Maeda
Hawk of May	author	Gillian Bradshaw
In Winter's Shadow	author	Gillian Bradshaw
Kingdom of Summer	author	Gillian Bradshaw
About Time	author	Paul Davies
The Stripping of the Altars	author	Eamon Duffy
Pomes Penyeach	author	James Joyce
Red Army	author	Ralph Peters
The Great Wall of China	author	Franz Kafka
The Abortion: An Historical Romance 1966	author	Richard Brautigan
The Unpleasant Profession of Jonathan Hoag	author	Robert A. Heinlein
The Fashion in Shrouds	author	Margery Allingham
The Last Mystery of Edgar Allan Poe: The Troy Dossier	author	Manny Meyers
Defenders of the Faith	author	Rich Redman, James Wyatt
The Haunted Bridge	author	Carolyn Keene
The Third Mind	author	William S. Burroughs
The Third Mind	author	Brion Gysin
Space Apprentice	author	Arkady and Boris Strugatsky
Go See Eddie	author	J. D. Salinger
Futari wa Pretty Cure Splash Star	author	Izumi Todo
Gideon the Cutpurse	author	Linda Buckley-Archer
The Doors of His Face, The Lamps of His Mouth	author	Roger Zelazny
The Year of the Quiet Sun	author	Wilson Tucker
Lie Down in Darkness	author	William Styron
My Brother Jack	author	George Johnston
Yellow	author	Makoto Tateno
The Secret	author	Arthur C. Clarke
Sea of Glass	author	Barry B. Longyear
A Pail of Air	author	Fritz Leiber
The Bill James Historical Baseball Abstract	author	Bill James
The Lost Generation	author	David Tremayne
The Wizard of the Emerald City	author	Alexander Volkov
Yahoo! Time Capsule	author	Jonathan Harris
The House with the Green Shutters	author	George Douglas Brown
Jack & Jill	author	James Patterson
Generation of Swine	author	Hunter S. Thompson
Faber Book of Irish Verse	author	John Montague
Come as You Are: The Story of Nirvana	author	Michael Azerrad
Awake and Dreaming	author	Kit Pearson
The View from Castle Rock	author	Alice Munro
It's Such a Beautiful Day	author	Isaac Asimov
Chamber Music	author	James Joyce
The Queen and I	author	Sue Townsend
The Right Attitude to Rain	author	Alexander McCall Smith
Rescuing Da Vinci	author	Robert M. Edsel
The Atom Station	author	Halldór Laxness
Mountain of Black Glass	author	Tad Williams
River of Blue Fire	author	Tad Williams
Sea of Silver Light	author	Tad Williams
The Cobra Event	author	Richard Preston
Embraced by the Moonlight	author	Saki Hiwatari
Middle Passage	author	Charles R. Johnson
Measuring the World	author	Daniel Kehlmann
The Tin Flute	author	Gabrielle Roy
Stories from the English and Scottish Ballads	author	Ruth Manning-Sanders
Benefits.gov	author	U.S. Department of Labor
Ring ni Kakero	author	Masami Kurumada
Stormwrack	author	Baker, Richard, Carriker, Joseph D., Clarke-Wilkes, Jennifer
Dereliction of Duty	author	H. R. McMaster
Benny Shaw	author	Eoin Colfer
The Wellstone	author	Wil McCarthy
The Death of Artemio Cruz	author	Carlos Fuentes
Peeps	author	Scott Westerfeld
The Collectors	author	David Baldacci
Cool Gardens	author	Serj Tankian
The Cellar	author	Richard Laymon
Game Over	author	David Sheff
Blood and Roses	author	Helen Castor
Sumomomo Momomo	author	Shinobu Ohtaka
Amy's Eyes	author	Richard Kennedy
Lieut. Gullivar Jones: His Vacation	author	Edwin Lester Arnold
Ethel and Ernest	author	Raymond Briggs
Business is business	author	Octave Mirbeau
Harmful Intent	author	Robin Cook
Vital Signs	author	Robin Cook
Blindsight	author	Robin Cook
Are Men Necessary%3F	author	Maureen Dowd
Dead Famous	author	Ben Elton
Red Earth, White Earth	author	Will Weaver
Gossamer	author	Lois Lowry
Clear Body, Clear Mind	author	Lafayette Ronald Hubbard
Eye of the Dragon	author	Ian Livingstone
What My Mother Doesn't Know	author	Sonya Sones
Bloodletting & Miraculous Cures	author	Vincent Lam
Return to Firetop Mountain	author	Ian Livingstone
Fury	author	Aaron Allston
By the Sword	author	Sanami Matoh
Anastasia Has the Answers	author	Lois Lowry
Anastasia on Her Own	author	Lois Lowry
Anastasia, Ask Your Analyst	author	Lois Lowry
Anastasia at Your Service	author	Lois Lowry
Anastasia Again!	author	Lois Lowry
Anastasia's Chosen Career	author	Lois Lowry
Anastasia at This Address	author	Lois Lowry
Anastasia Absolutely	author	Lois Lowry
Fatal Cure	author	Robin Cook
The Artist's Way	author	Julia Cameron
Acceptable Risk	author	Robin Cook
Seizure	author	Robin Cook
Handsome na Kanojo	author	Wataru Yoshizumi
Zooman Sam	author	Lois Lowry
The Report Card	author	Andrew Clements
The Courts of the Morning	author	John Buchan, 1st Baron Tweedsmuir
Jawbreaker: The Attack on bin Laden and al-Qaeda	author	Gary Berntsen and Ralph Pezzullo
Lizzie Bright and the Buckminster Boy	author	Gary D. Schmidt
The Royal Family	author	William T. Vollmann
The Atlas	author	William T. Vollmann
The Ice-Shirt	author	William T. Vollmann
In the Heat of the Night	author	John Ball
The Rifles	author	William T. Vollmann
Orphans of Chaos	author	John C. Wright
Frostbite	author	David Wellington
Hammered	author	Elizabeth Bear
Growing Pains	author	Billie Piper
The Kalahari Typing School for Men	author	Alexander McCall Smith
Terrier	author	Tamora Pierce
The Elves of Cintra	author	Terry Brooks
So Much to Tell You	author	John Marsden
Kingdom of the Golden Dragon	author	Isabel Allende
Agent of Vega	author	James H. Schmitz
Last Flight	author	Amelia Earhart
Last Flight	author	edited by George Palmer Putnam
A Rebel in Time	author	Harry Harrison
Prester John	author	John Buchan, 1st Baron Tweedsmuir
The Power-House	author	John Buchan
The House of the Four Winds	author	John Buchan
The Dancing Floor	author	John Buchan
The Gap in the Curtain	author	John Buchan
Icefire	author	Chris d'Lacey
The Sea of Monsters	author	Rick Riordan
Today is Tonight	author	Jean Harlow
Into the Comet	author	Arthur C. Clarke
1862	author	Robert Conroy
Ninth Key	author	Meg Cabot
The Penguin Guide to Jazz	author	Richard Cook
The Penguin Guide to Jazz	author	Brian Morton
Reunion	author	Meg Cabot
The Book of Bond	author	Kingsley Amis
Moreta: Dragonlady of Pern	author	Anne McCaffrey
The Memory Keeper's Daughter	author	Kim Edwards
Dragonsdawn	author	Anne McCaffrey
The Renegades of Pern	author	Anne McCaffrey
The Chronicles of Pern: First Fall	author	Anne McCaffrey
The Art of Loving	author	Erich Fromm
The Mound	author	H. P. Lovecraft  and Zealia Bishop
Tolkien's Legendarium	author	Verlyn Flieger and Carl F. Hostetter, editors
Brother in the Land	author	Robert Swindells
The Farming of Bones	author	Edwidge Danticat
Eye on Crime	author	Franklin W. Dixon
Wormwood	author	Graham Taylor
ConservativeHome	author	Tim Montgomerie
20 Hrs., 40 Min.	author	Amelia Earhart
The Fun of It	author	Amelia Earhart
The Final Key	author	Catherine Asaro
The God Machine	author	Martin Caidin
A River Sutra	author	Gita Mehta
A Barrel of Laughs, a Vale of Tears	author	Jules Feiffer
My Side of the Mountain	author	Jean Craighead George
Beyond the Chocolate War	author	Robert Cormier
The Flying Inn	author	G. K. Chesterton
Waterclap	author	Isaac Asimov
The Meme Machine	author	Susan Blackmore
La Joie de vivre	author	Émile Zola
Tales Beyond Time	author	edited by  L. Sprague de Camp and Catherine Crook de Camp
City of the Chasch	author	Jack Vance
3000 Years of Fantasy and Science Fiction	author	edited by  L. Sprague de Camp and Catherine Crook de Camp
Servants of the Wankh	author	Jack Vance
The Dirdir	author	Jack Vance
The Pnume	author	Jack Vance
Stopping at Slowyear	author	Frederik Pohl
Lavender and Old Lace	author	Myrtle Reed
Old Rose and Silver	author	Myrtle Reed
Wild Flowers Worth Knowing	author	Neltje Blanchan
Wild Flowers Worth Knowing	author	Asa Don Dickinson
Bird Neighbors	author	Neltje Blanchan
Nature's Garden	author	Neltje Blanchan
Once Upon an Island	author	David Conover
Mothers and Sons	author	Colm Tóibín
The Children of the New Forest	author	Frederick Marryat
The Search for the Snow Leopard	author	Franklin W. Dixon
Capricornia	author	Xavier Herbert
Falling Man	author	Don DeLillo
Twelve Red Herrings	author	Jeffrey Archer
A Twist in the Tale	author	Jeffrey Archer
A Quiver Full of Arrows	author	Jeffrey Archer
The Ides of March	author	Thornton Wilder
Almanac of the Dead	author	Leslie Marmon Silko
The Upside of Down	author	Thomas Homer-Dixon
Strain: Strategic Armored Infantry	author	Studio Fantasia
Autumn Street	author	Lois Lowry
Dublin: Foundation	author	Edward Rutherfurd
The Chaser Annual	author	The Chaser
L. Ron Hubbard, Messiah or Madman%3F	author	Bent Corydon
L. Ron Hubbard, Messiah or Madman%3F	author	Ronald DeWolf
Imre: A Memorandum	author	Edward Prime-Stevenson
Rudin	author	Ivan Turgenev
The Doomsday Manuscript	author	Justin Richards
The Gods of the Underworld	author	Stephen Cole
The Squire's Crystal	author	Jacqueline Rayner
The Infernal Nexus	author	Dave Stone
The Glass Prison	author	Jacqueline Rayner
Alone in My King's Harem	author	Lily Hoshino
Burger's Daughter	author	Nadine Gordimer
Too Much, Too Soon	author	Diana Barrymore
Too Much, Too Soon	author	Gerold Frank
Manga Kenkanryu	author	Sharin Yamano
Times Square Red, Times Square Blue	author	Samuel R. Delany
Zoya	author	Danielle Steel
Meridian	author	Alice Walker
Tensai Bakabon	author	Fujio Akatsuka
If I Did It	author	O. J. Simpson
If I Did It	author	Pablo Fenjves
If I Did It	author	Dominick Dunne
If I Did It	author	The Goldman family
The Kitchen God's Wife	author	Amy Tan
A Little Raw on Monday Mornings	author	Robert Cormier
A Meeting with Medusa	author	Arthur C. Clarke
The Curious Enlightenment of Professor Caritat	author	Steven Lukes
Asleep	author	Banana Yoshimoto
The Summer Garden	author	Paullina Simons
The Right-Hand Man	author	K. M. Peyton
Going Home	author	K. M. Peyton
The Kouga Ninja Scrolls	author	Futaro Yamada
Titanic: The Long Night	author	Diane Hoh
Brown Girl, Brownstones	author	Paule Marshall
Goodbye Tsugumi	author	Banana Yoshimoto
NP	author	Banana Yoshimoto
Amrita	author	Banana Yoshimoto
Hidamari Sketch	author	Ume Aoki
Curse of the Blue Tattoo	author	Louis A. Meyer
Aunt Jane's Nieces	author	L. Frank Baum
The Sorrows of Satan	author	Marie Corelli
Ikebukuro West Gate Park	author	Ira Ishida
Ikebukuro West Gate Park	author	Masashi Asaki
OpenLayers	author	MetaCarta
Moe Howard and the Three Stooges	author	Moe Howard
Moe Howard and the Three Stooges	author	completed by Joan Howard Maurer
Moon-Face	author	Jack London
Curly: An Illustrated Biography of the Superstooge	author	Joan Howard Maurer
The Witch Hunter	author	Bernard Knight
The Biggest Bear	author	Lynd Ward
We're Going to Make You a Star	author	Sally Quinn
The Periodic Table	author	Primo Levi
Iketeru Futari	author	Takashi Sano
A Masculine Ending	author	Joan Smith
The Phantom Ship	author	Frederick Marryat
Vlad the Drac	author	Ann Jungman
A Midsummer Tempest	author	Poul Anderson
The Doctor Is Sick	author	Anthony Burgess
How the García Girls Lost Their Accents	author	Julia Alvarez
La Symphonie pastorale	author	André Gide
Hidden Passions	author	Tabitha Lenox
The Journey of Man	author	Spencer Wells
Blue of Noon	author	Georges Bataille
War Boy	author	Kief Hillsbery
You Can't Go Home Again	author	Thomas Wolfe
The October Horse	author	Colleen McCullough
Bartender	author	Araki Joh
Mary Reilly	author	Valerie Martin
Two for the Lions	author	Lindsey Davis
The Emigrants	author	Vilhelm Moberg
The Emigrants	author	Vilhelm Moberg
The Last Letter Home	author	Vilhelm Moberg
Unto a Good Land	author	Vilhelm Moberg
The Settlers	author	Vilhelm Moberg
Night Launch	author	Stephen Paul Cohen and Jake Garn
You Must Remember This	author	Joyce Carol Oates
Magnum Crimen	author	Viktor Novak
Attack No. 1	author	Chikako Urano
The Moon by Night	author	Madeleine L'Engle
Maverick	author	Ricardo Semler
Labyrinth of Reflections	author	Sergei Lukyanenko
The Lay of the Land	author	Richard Ford
A Pattern of Roses	author	K. M. Peyton
Alaler Gharer Dulal	author	Peary Chand Mitra
The Pirate	author	Poul Anderson
The Chinese Agent	author	Michael Moorcock
Needle in the Groove	author	Jeff Noon
Light Verse	author	Isaac Asimov
The Young Unicorns	author	Madeleine L'Engle
Star of the Giants	author	Ikki Kajiwara
This Town Will Never Let Us Go	author	Lawrence Miles
People Might Hear You	author	Robin Klein
Putin's Russia	author	Anna Politkovskaya
Return to Rocheworld	author	Robert L. Forward
The Stoker	author	Franz Kafka
Suite française	author	Irène Némirovsky
Groizer X	author	Go Nagai
Talk Talk	author	T.C. Boyle
Shōnen Onmyōji	author	Mitsuru Yūki
Shōnen Onmyōji	author	Hinoko Seta
L'Abbé C	author	Georges Bataille
The Penguin Guide to Blues Recordings	author	Tony Russell
The Penguin Guide to Blues Recordings	author	Chris Smith
Sunjammer	author	Arthur C. Clarke
The Tercentenary Incident	author	Isaac Asimov
Really%3F Really!	author	Navel
Cat Street	author	Yoko Kamio
The Antipope	author	Robert Rankin
Digging to America	author	Anne Tyler
Saint Maybe	author	Anne Tyler
Second Genesis	author	Donald Moffitt
Historie	author	Hitoshi Iwaaki
Yoki Koto Kiku	author	Koge-Donbo
Kamui	author	Shingo Nanami
French Silk	author	Sandra Brown
The First King Adventure	author	Moyamu Fujino
American Fairy Tales	author	L. Frank Baum
Boba Fett: A Practical Man	author	Karen Traviss
Bradbury Stories: 100 of His Most Celebrated Tales	author	Ray Bradbury
Diabolo	author	Kaoru Ohashi
Diabolo	author	Kei Kusunoki
Un-Man	author	Poul Anderson
Silent to the Bone	author	E. L. Konigsburg
Sharpe's Revenge	author	Bernard Cornwell
Eldorado	author	Emma Orczy
Baldur's Gate II: Shadows of Amn	author	Philip Athans
A Sound Like Someone Trying Not to Make a Sound	author	John Irving
Buck Rogers: A Life in the Future	author	Martin Caidin
Buck Rogers: A Life in the Future	author	based upon characters by Philip Francis Nowlan
Warlords of Utopia	author	Lance Parkin
Foxmask	author	Juliet Marillier
Hadassah: One Night with the King	author	Tommy Tenney
Hadassah: One Night with the King	author	Mark Andrew Olsen
Weeds	author	Stephen King
The Man Who Never Missed	author	Steve Perry
The Hall of the Dead	author	Robert E. Howard
The Hand of Nergal	author	Robert E. Howard
The Hand of Nergal	author	Lin Carter
The Snout in the Dark	author	Robert E. Howard
Drums of Tombalku	author	Robert E. Howard
Wolves Beyond the Border	author	Robert E. Howard
100 Photographs that Changed the World	author	Editors of Life
The Spirit Catches You and You Fall Down	author	Anne Fadiman
Swastika Night	author	Murray Constantine
A Theory of Fun for Game Design	author	Raph Koster
1812: The Rivers of War	author	Eric Flint
Sacred Clowns	author	Tony Hillerman
Scottish Folk Tales	author	Ruth Manning-Sanders
Some Like It Hot	author	Zoey Dean
The Sword of Conan	author	Robert E. Howard
King Conan	author	Robert E. Howard
The Coming of Conan	author	Robert E. Howard
Conan the Barbarian	author	Robert E. Howard
Mode series	author	Piers Anthony
Underground	author	Andrew McGahan
Brother Man	author	Roger Mais
The Optimist's Daughter	author	Eudora Welty
Me and the Orgone	author	Orson Bean
AALBC.com	author	Troy D Johnson
Björk	author	Björk
Death Sentence	author	Isaac Asimov
The Road of Kings	author	Karl Edward Wagner
Conan the Rebel	author	Poul Anderson
Conan and the Sorcerer	author	Andrew J. Offutt
Conan the Mercenary	author	Andrew J. Offutt
The Sword of Skelos	author	Andrew J. Offutt
On Human Nature	author	E. O. Wilson
La Toya: Growing Up in the Jackson Family	author	La Toya Jackson with Patricia Romanowski
Zero	author	Gen Urobuchi
The Information	author	Martin Amis
Karakuri Circus	author	Kazuhiro Fujita
Fourth Mansions	author	R. A. Lafferty
The Night of Kadar	author	Garry Kilworth
Poor Daddy	author	Robert A. Heinlein
Rabble Starkey	author	Lois Lowry
Yes! PreCure 5	author	Izumi Todo
Monster Mythology	author	Carl Sargent
Alan Mendelsohn, the Boy from Mars	author	Daniel Pinkwater
Wren to the Rescue	author	Sherwood Smith
Brian's Return	author	Gary Paulsen
Our Stolen Future	author	Theo Colborn
Our Stolen Future	author	Dianne Dumanoski
Our Stolen Future	author	John Peterson Myers
The Romanian: Story of an Obsession	author	Bruce Benderson
FAT!SO%3F	author	Marilyn Wann
Coup d'État: A Practical Handbook	author	Edward Luttwak
Conan the Destroyer	author	Robert Jordan
The Book Thief	author	Markus Zusak
The Wings of Rean	author	Yoshiyuki Tomino
Vinland Saga	author	Makoto Yukimura
Boy A	author	Jonathan Trigell
Gatcha Gacha	author	Yutaka Tachibana
Freedom Project	author	Kō Furukawa
Bloodthirst	author	J.M. Dillard
By the Light of the Study Lamp	author	Carolyn Keene
ES	author	Fuyumi Soryo
Wonder of the Worlds	author	Sesh Heri
Modern Primitives	author	V. Vale
Modern Primitives	author	Andrea Juno
Netochka Nezvanova	author	Fyodor Dostoyevsky
The English Roses	author	Madonna
The Kafka Effekt	author	D. Harlan Wilson
The Picturegoers	author	David Lodge
We Are Smarter Than Me	author	Barry Libert
We Are Smarter Than Me	author	Jon Spector
We Are Smarter Than Me	author	and hundreds of other contributors
The League of the Scarlet Pimpernel	author	Emma Orczy
Mamoru-kun ni Megami no Shukufuku o!	author	Hiroki Iwata
The Warriors	author	Sol Yurick
What Is This Thing Called Love%3F	author	Isaac Asimov
Making Democracy Work	author	Robert D. Putnam
The Soldier and the State	author	Samuel P. Huntington
Hairy Maclary from Donaldson's Dairy	author	Lynley Dodd
The Globalist	author	Stephan Richter
Forever in Blue: The Fourth Summer of the Sisterhood	author	Ann Brashares
The Sea Fairies	author	L. Frank Baum
Stray Little Devil	author	Kotaro Mori
Sons of the Oak	author	David Farland
Jaws	author	Peter Benchley
Click, Clack, Moo	author	Doreen Cronin
Giggle, Giggle, Quack	author	Doreen Cronin
Dooby Dooby Moo	author	Doreen Cronin
Duck for President	author	Doreen Cronin
Roses Are Red	author	James Patterson
Living	author	Henry Green
Half a Life	author	V. S. Naipaul
Gender Blender	author	Blake Nelson
The Book of Evidence	author	John Banville
Sky Island	author	L. Frank Baum
Wikidumper.org	author	Clifford A. Pickover
Bad Kitty	author	Michele Jaffe
A History of the Life and Voyages of Christopher Columbus	author	Washington Irving
Backstage Prince	author	Kanoko Sakurakoji
Forbidden Dance	author	Hinako Ashihara
Operation Nuke	author	Martin Caidin
High Crystal	author	Martin Caidin
Cyborg IV	author	Martin Caidin
The Ganymede Takeover	author	Philip K. Dick and
The Ganymede Takeover	author	Ray Nelson
Stranger on the Loose	author	D. Harlan Wilson
Alligator Pie	author	Dennis Lee
Pseudo-City	author	D. Harlan Wilson
Birth of a Notion	author	Isaac Asimov
The Spring to Come	author	Stefan Żeromski
The Stoic	author	Theodore Dreiser
The Financier	author	Theodore Dreiser
Sayonara Jupiter	author	Sakyo Komatsu
The Yearling	author	Marjorie Kinnan Rawlings
My Darling Is a Foreigner	author	Saori Oguri
The Animals of Farthing Wood	author	Colin Dann
The Enchanted Island of Yew	author	L. Frank Baum
Armageddon: A Novel of Berlin	author	Leon Uris
Inside the Jihad	author	Omar Nasiri
Explaining Hitler	author	Ron Rosenbaum
Empire	author	Orson Scott Card
Chronicles of Avonlea	author	Lucy Maud Montgomery
Further Chronicles of Avonlea	author	Lucy Maud Montgomery
Wanderers of Time	author	John Wyndham
The Minds of Billy Milligan	author	Daniel Keyes
W3Perl	author	
The Game	author	Jack London
The Thanksgiving Visitor	author	Truman Capote
Luha ng Buwaya	author	Amado V. Hernandez
Neo Gomanism Manifesto Special – On Taiwan	author	Yoshinori Kobayashi
The Immaculate Conception	author	Gaétan Soucy
Amazons	author	Don DeLillo as Cleo Birdwell
The Art of Seeing	author	Aldous Huxley
Strong Medicine	author	Arthur Hailey
Gone-Away Lake	author	Elizabeth Enright
Batman: The Ultimate Evil	author	Andrew Vachss
The Treasure of the Humble	author	Maurice Maeterlinck
Blood Alone	author	Masayuki Takano
Finding Cassie Crazy	author	Jaclyn Moriarty
My Book about ME	author	Dr. Seuss and Roy McKie
The Commonwealth of Thieves: The Story of the Founding of Australia	author	Thomas Kenneally
IS	author	Chiyo Rokuhana
Cop Killer	author	Sjöwall and Wahlöö
The Terrorists	author	Sjöwall and Wahlöö
A Bridge Too Far	author	Cornelius Ryan
Murder at the Savoy	author	Sjöwall and Wahlöö
The Nature and Origins of Mass Opinion	author	John Zaller
Theory of International Politics	author	Kenneth Waltz
Courtship Rite	author	Donald Kingsbury
Rogue Queen	author	L. Sprague de Camp
The Moon Goddess and the Son	author	Donald Kingsbury
He Knew He Was Right	author	Anthony Trollope
What You Make It	author	Michael Marshall Smith
Clash of the Sky Galleons	author	Paul Stewart
Clash of the Sky Galleons	author	Chris Riddell
Lolly Scramble	author	Tony Martin
Tangerine	author	Edward Bloor
Psychohistorical Crisis	author	Donald Kingsbury
Thunder Cave	author	Roland Smith
God in a Pill%3F	author	Meher Baba
The Butterfly Kid	author	Chester Anderson
Skippyjon Jones	author	Judith Byron Schachner
The Night Journey	author	Kathryn Lasky
The Radiant Seas	author	Catherine Asaro
Water Music	author	T. C. Boyle
The Trouble with Physics	author	Lee Smolin
The Sociological Imagination	author	C. Wright Mills
World's End	author	T. C. Boyle
The Pyrates	author	George MacDonald Fraser
Vrms	author	Bdale Garbee
Vrms	author	Bill Geddes
The Sledding Hill	author	Chris Crutcher
The Only Three Questions That Count	author	Ken Fisher with Jennifer Chou and Lara Hoffmans
The Last Templar	author	Raymond Khoury
CBSSports.com	author	Mike Levy
Venus Versus Virus	author	Atsushi Suzumi
Three Roads to Quantum Gravity	author	Lee Smolin
Faith Freedom International	author	Ali Sina
Consider the Oyster	author	M. F. K. Fisher
Backlash: The Undeclared War Against American Women	author	Susan Faludi
Funeral Games	author	Mary Renault
Invasion of the Bane	author	Terrance Dicks
Death and the Senator	author	Arthur C. Clarke
Togari	author	Yoshinori Natsume
Wheelers	author	Ian Stewart
Wheelers	author	Jack Cohen
Dekada '70	author	Lualhati Bautista
The Night at the Museum	author	Milan Trenc
The Night at the Museum	author	Leslie Goldman
Rogue Mage series	author	Faith Hunter
Garōden	author	Baku Yumemakura
Citizens: A Chronicle of the French Revolution	author	Simon Schama
Jonestown: The Power and the Myth of Alan Jones	author	Chris Masters
The Survivor	author	Thomas Keneally
Memories, Dreams, Reflections	author	Carl Jung and Aniela Jaffé
My Sweet Audrina	author	V. C. Andrews
Gakuen Utopia Manabi Straight!	author	Ufotable
An Assembly Such as This	author	Pamela Aidan
Shattered Angels	author	Kaishaku
TalkShoe	author	Dave Nelsen
The Amateur Gentleman	author	Jeffrey Farnol
Ascending	author	James Alan Gardner
A Barnstormer in Oz	author	Philip Jose Farmer
The Emerald Wand of Oz	author	Sherwood Smith
Trouble Under Oz	author	Sherwood Smith
Basic Color Terms: Their Universality and Evolution	author	Brent Berlin and Paul Kay
Doomsday	author	Warwick Deeping
Idaten Jump	author	Toshihiro Fujiwara
Idaten Jump	author	Ko Etori
False Mirrors	author	Sergei Lukyanenko
Violets Are Blue	author	James Patterson
The Haunting of Alaizabel Cray	author	Chris Wooding
All Our Yesterdays	author	Harry Warner, Jr.
On Overgrown Paths	author	Knut Hamsun
Computer: A History of the Information Machine	author	Martin Campbell-Kelly and William Aspray
Yuku	author	Ezboard
Shiroi Heya no Futari	author	Ryoko Yamagishi
Fat City	author	Leonard Gardner
The White Boy Shuffle	author	Paul Beatty
Hot House Flowers	author	John H. Wilson
Outposts: Journeys to the Surviving Relics of the British Empire	author	Simon Winchester
Playing Beatie Bow	author	Ruth Park
Cosmic Consciousness	author	Richard Maurice Bucke
The Compleat Housewife	author	Eliza Smith
Ancient Evenings	author	Norman Mailer
Watchman	author	Ian Rankin
Awful End	author	Philip Ardagh
Love	author	Angela Carter
Breeds There a Man...%3F	author	Isaac Asimov
The Rabbit Factory	author	Marshall Karp
Three Versions of Judas	author	Jorge Luis Borges
Last Watch	author	Sergei Lukyanenko
Hamlet and Oedipus	author	Ernest Jones
The Sorcerer in the North	author	John Flanagan
The Enemy in the Blanket	author	Anthony Burgess
Beds in the East	author	Anthony Burgess
Devil of a State	author	Anthony Burgess
Fragile Things	author	Neil Gaiman
A pata da gazela	author	José de Alencar
The Thieves of Ostia	author	Caroline Lawrence
O mar na Lajinha	author	Germano Almeida
Romanitas	author	Sophia McDougall
Pulp	author	Charles Bukowski
Almost Lost	author	Anonymous
The Painted Veil	author	W. Somerset Maugham
Dust Neo	author	Aoi Nanase
Haunted in the New World	author	Donald Weber
Taking Rights Seriously	author	Ronald Dworkin
The Kaiser's Last Kiss	author	Alan Judd
Nature Girl	author	Carl Hiaasen
The King of Elfland's Daughter	author	Lord Dunsany
The Charwoman's Shadow	author	Lord Dunsany
Buddha Da	author	Anne Donovan
Beyond Black	author	Hilary Mantel
Falling	author	Elizabeth Jane Howard
The Parent's Assistant	author	Maria Edgeworth
Une page d'amour	author	Émile Zola
The Ballad of Peckham Rye	author	Muriel Spark
The Ethos Effect	author	L. E. Modesitt, Jr.
Poverty, A Study of Town Life	author	B. Seebohm Rowntree
Evenings at Home	author	John Aikin and Anna Letitia Barbauld
Haruka Seventeen	author	Sayuka Yamazaki
O dia das calças roladas	author	Germano Almeida
The Small Rain	author	Madeleine L'Engle
The Translator	author	Leila Aboulela
Database of Molecular Motions	author	Mark Bender Gerstein
Database of Molecular Motions	author	Werner G. Krebs
Dragon Raja	author	Lee Yeongdo
Blue Highways	author	William Least Heat-Moon
009-1	author	Shotaro Ishinomori
Balada da Praia dos Cães	author	José Cardoso Pires
The Daily Beast	author	Tina Brown
The Detective	author	Roderick Thorp
Ressurreição	author	Machado de Assis
Quincas Borba	author	Machado de Assis
The Crusades Through Arab Eyes	author	Amin Maalouf
A Crack Up at the Race Riots	author	Harmony Korine
X-Ray	author	Ray Davies
We Tell Ourselves Stories in Order to Live	author	Joan Didion
The Urth of the New Sun	author	Gene Wolfe
Pig Earth	author	John Berger
Death Without Denial Grief Without Apology	author	Barbara Roberts
Velferdsvillaen	author	Grimstaddesign, Magwerk http://www.magwerk.com, Nordisk Ungdomspanel
The Beautyful Ones Are Not Yet Born	author	Ayi Kwei Armah
Submarine Super 99	author	Leiji Matsumoto
The Green Cat	author	Osamu Tezuka
Lion Books	author	Osamu Tezuka
Adachi-ga Hara	author	Osamu Tezuka
The Right to an Answer	author	Anthony Burgess
Mam'zelle Guillotine	author	Emma Orczy
Damia	author	Anne McCaffrey
Description of a Struggle	author	Franz Kafka
Serafim Ponte Grande	author	Oswald de Andrade
O gaúcho	author	José de Alencar
See Delphi and Die	author	Lindsey Davis
The House in Paris	author	Elizabeth Bowen
Door into the Dark	author	Seamus Heaney
North	author	Seamus Heaney
Wintering Out	author	Seamus Heaney
Estórias contadas	author	Germano Almeida
So Yesterday	author	Scott Westerfeld
Kernel-based Virtual Machine	author	Qumranet
Fleet of Worlds	author	Larry Niven and Edward M. Lerner
The Stain	author	Rikki Ducornet
Cityscape	author	Ari Marmell and C.A. Suleiman
Dragon Magic	author	Owen K.C. Stephens
Dragon Magic	author	Rodney Thompson
Sandstorm	author	Bruce R. Cordell, Jennifer Clarke-Wilkes, and JD Wiker
Fiendish Codex I: Hordes of the Abyss	author	James Jacobs, Erik Mona, and Ed Stark
Spell Compendium	author	Matthew Sernett, Jeff Grubb, and Mike McArtor
Fiendish Codex II: Tyrants of the Nine Hells	author	Robin D. Laws and Robert J. Schwalb
Races of the Dragon	author	Gwendolyn F.M. Kestrel, Jennifer Clarke Wilkes, and Kolja Raven Liquette
Races of Stone	author	Jesse Decker, Michelle Lyons, and David Noonan
Races of the Wild	author	Skip Williams
Monster Manual IV	author	Gwendolyn F.M. Kestrel
Planar Handbook	author	Bruce R. Cordell, and Gwendolyn F.M. Kestrel
The Hunters	author	James Salter
Alfarrábios	author	José de Alencar
A guerra dos mascates	author	José de Alencar
The Enemies of Books	author	William Blades
Station Island	author	Seamus Heaney
The Afterlife Experiments	author	Gary Schwartz
The Afterlife Experiments	author	William L. Simon
The Afterlife Experiments	author	Deepak Chopra
Go	author	John Clellon Holmes
The Oxford Companion to Food	author	Alan Davidson
Nanako SOS	author	Hideo Azuma
The Falcon's Malteser	author	Anthony Horowitz
Whale Talk	author	Chris Crutcher
Four Blind Mice	author	James Patterson
Cabo Verde: Viagem pela história das ilhas	author	Germano Almeida
The Second Invasion from Mars	author	Arkady and Boris Strugatsky
A Charmed Life	author	Mary McCarthy
East Is East	author	T. C. Boyle
Riven Rock	author	T. C. Boyle
Drop City	author	T. C. Boyle
Sweeney Astray	author	Seamus Heaney
Pop!	author	Margaret Clark
A Vision of Battlements	author	Anthony Burgess
The Diamond Chariot	author	Boris Akunin
Mission to Moulokin	author	Alan Dean Foster
Dog Star	author	Arthur C. Clarke
Pictures from Italy	author	Charles Dickens
A Severed Wasp	author	Madeleine L'Engle
Field Work	author	Seamus Heaney
The Haw Lantern	author	Seamus Heaney
The Spirit Level	author	Seamus Heaney
Erasing Sherlock	author	Kelly Hale
The Alien Sea	author	Lucien Soulban
Eyes Do More Than See	author	Isaac Asimov
The Wayfarer	author	Natsume Sōseki
Snap!	author	Margaret Clark
Survivor	author	Octavia Butler
No Place for Grubbs!	author	Max Dann
Stella by the Sea	author	Ruth Starke
Blind Trek	author	Jim Kennedy
The Tasmanian Babes Fiasco	author	John Birmingham
Arte de la lengua mexicana y castellana	author	Alonso de Molina
Boots and All	author	Sherryl Clark
Arte de la lengua mexicana con la declaración de los adverbios della	author	Horacio Carochi
Eleonora	author	Edgar Allan Poe
You've Had Your Time	author	Anthony Burgess
A Touch of Frost	author	R. D. Wingfield
I Will Repay	author	Emma Orczy
Sir Percy Leads the Band	author	Emma Orczy
Between the Acts	author	Virginia Woolf
Making Globalization Work	author	Stiglitz, Joseph
Islam: The Straight Path	author	John L. Esposito
A Modern Instance	author	William Dean Howells
Chuva Braba	author	Manuel Lopes
Lord Tony's Wife	author	Emma Orczy
The Elusive Pimpernel	author	Emma Orczy
The Assault on Reason	author	Al Gore
Gauche the Cellist	author	Kenji Miyazawa
Blonde	author	Joyce Carol Oates
First Love: A Gothic Tale	author	Joyce Carol Oates
The Looming Fog	author	Rosemary Esehagu
Delivered from Evil	author	Robert Leckie
The Secret of Shambhala: In Search of the Eleventh Insight	author	James Redfield
Rage Against the Veil	author	Parvin Darabi
Frost at Christmas	author	R. D. Wingfield
The Mystery of Dr. Fu-Manchu	author	Sax Rohmer
Where's Wally%3F	author	Martin Handford
Where's Wally in Hollywood%3F	author	Martin Handford
Where's Wally%3F The Wonder Book	author	Martin Handford
Where's Wally%3F The Great Picture Hunt!	author	Martin Handford
Where's Wally%3F: The Ultimate Fun Book	author	Martin Handford
Where's Wally%3F: The Magnificent Poster Book!	author	Martin Handford
Enderby's Dark Lady, or No End to Enderby	author	Anthony Burgess
Dead and Alive	author	Dean Koontz
The Tritonian Ring	author	L. Sprague de Camp
The Owl and the Ape	author	L. Sprague de Camp
The Eye of Tandyla	author	L. Sprague de Camp
The Stone of the Witch Queen	author	L. Sprague de Camp
Ka the Appalling	author	L. Sprague de Camp
The Stronger Spell	author	L. Sprague de Camp
The Hungry Hercynian	author	L. Sprague de Camp
The Rug and the Bull	author	L. Sprague de Camp
The House by the Churchyard	author	Joseph Sheridan Le Fanu
Eclipse	author	Stephenie Meyer
Remnant Population	author	Elizabeth Moon
The Moomins and the Great Flood	author	Tove Jansson
The Exploits of Moominpappa	author	Tove Jansson
The Last of the Jedi: Secret Weapon	author	Jude Watson
Welcome to the Monkey House	author	Kurt Vonnegut Jr.
Reinventing Comics	author	Scott McCloud
Echoes in the Darkness	author	Joseph Wambaugh
All Music Guide to the Blues	author	Vladimir Bogdanov
All Music Guide to the Blues	author	Chris Woodstra
All Music Guide to the Blues	author	Stephen Thomas Erlewine
The Godwulf Manuscript	author	Robert B. Parker
One Day in My Life	author	Bobby Sands
Mortal Stakes	author	Robert B. Parker
Stiffed: The Betrayal of the American Man	author	Susan Faludi
SLIB	author	Aubrey Jaffer
Camping	author	Why the lucky stiff
Dearly Devoted Dexter	author	Jeff Lindsay
The Big Bad Wolf	author	James Patterson
Kross	author	KDE
Knights of Forty Islands	author	Sergey Lukyanenko
Nuclear Dream	author	Sergey Lukyanenko
Crank	author	Ellen Hopkins
Pale Kings and Princes	author	Robert B. Parker
The Custom of the Country	author	Edith Wharton
The 100-Mile Diet	author	Alisa Smith and J.B. MacKinnon
My Name Is Caroline	author	Caroline Adams Miller
The Rhinemann Exchange	author	Robert Ludlum
Kylie: La La La	author	Kylie Minogue and William Baker
Misunderstanding Cults	author	Benjamin Zablocki, ed.
Misunderstanding Cults	author	Thomas Robbins, ed.
Only the Heart	author	Brian Caswell and David Phu An Chiem
The Guns of Navarone	author	Alistair MacLean
The Guerilla Filmmakers Handbook	author	Chris Jones and Genevieve Jolliffe
Transparent Stained-Glass Windows	author	Sergei Lukyanenko
Os Flagelados do Vento Leste	author	Manuel Lopes
The Triple Hoax	author	Carolyn Keene
The Flying Saucer Mystery	author	Carolyn Keene
The Letters of Kingsley Amis	author	Kingsley Amis, edited by Zachary Leader
IslamOnline	author	Yusuf al-Qaradawi
Marília de Dirceu	author	Tomás António Gonzaga
Dragonseye	author	Anne McCaffrey
Marius	author	Poul Anderson
All Music Guide to Jazz	author	Vladimir Bogdanov
All Music Guide to Jazz	author	Chris Woodstra
All Music Guide to Jazz	author	Stephen Thomas Erlewine
Into the Labyrinth	author	Margaret Weis and Tracy Hickman
The Hand of Chaos	author	Margaret Weis and Tracy Hickman
The Seventh Gate	author	Margaret Weis and Tracy Hickman
Fire Sea	author	Margaret Weis and Tracy Hickman
Serpent Mage	author	Margaret Weis and Tracy Hickman
Dragon Wing	author	Margaret Weis and Tracy Hickman
Elven Star	author	Margaret Weis and Tracy Hickman
The Briar King	author	Gregory Keyes
Leven Thumps and the Gateway to Foo	author	Obert Skye
JAR	author	Robert K. Jung
Crystal Mask	author	Katherine Roberts
Darkness and the Light	author	Olaf Stapledon
Rebel Angels	author	Libba Bray
The Forgotten	author	K. A. Applegate
The Reaction	author	K. A. Applegate
The Wrong Way Home	author	Arthur J. Deikman
The Wrong Way Home	author	Doctor of Medicine
The Black Swan	author	Nassim Taleb
The Design of Everyday Things	author	Donald Norman
The Outsider and Others	author	H. P. Lovecraft
Le Rêve	author	Émile Zola
Beyond the Wall of Sleep	author	H. P. Lovecraft
Beyond the Wall of Sleep	author	H. P. Lovecraft
Too Far to Go	author	John Updike
Couples	author	John Updike
Marginalia	author	H. P. Lovecraft
Shadow Moon	author	Chris Claremont and George Lucas
Shadow Dawn	author	Chris Claremont and George Lucas
Something About Cats and Other Pieces	author	H. P. Lovecraft
A Moreninha	author	Joaquim Manuel de Macedo
Compendium of Pharmaceuticals and Specialties	author	Canadian Pharmacists Association
A Luneta Mágica	author	Joaquim Manuel de Macedo
Blart II: The Boy Who Was Wanted Dead or Alive – or Both	author	Dominic Barker
The Dunwich Horror and Others	author	H. P. Lovecraft
At the Mountains of Madness and Other Novels	author	H. P. Lovecraft
A Sucessora	author	Carolina Nabuco
White Dawns	author	Kočo Racin
Dawn Undercover	author	Anna Dale
A Golden Age	author	Tahmima Anam
Hunted	author	James Alan Gardner
Star Trek: Deep Space Nine Companion	author	Terry J. Erdmann and Paula M. Block
The Warning	author	K. A. Applegate
The Unknown	author	K. A. Applegate
The Escape	author	K. A. Applegate
My Brother's Road	author	Markar Melkonian
The Change	author	K. A. Applegate
The Underground	author	K. A. Applegate
The Departure	author	K. A. Applegate
The Decision	author	K. A. Applegate
The Discovery	author	K. A. Applegate
Dagon and Other Macabre Tales	author	H. P. Lovecraft
The Blonde, the Brunette and the Vengeful Redhead	author	Robert Hewett
Gin Tama	author	Hideaki Sorachi
The Phoenix Guards	author	Steven Brust
Five Hundred Years After	author	Steven Brust
The Viscount of Adrilankha	author	Steven Brust
An Open Swimmer	author	Tim Winton
The Exposed	author	K. A. Applegate
The Extreme	author	K. A. Applegate
The Attack	author	K. A. Applegate
The Suspicion	author	K. A. Applegate
The Solution	author	K. A. Applegate
The Threat	author	K. A. Applegate
The Reunion	author	K. A. Applegate
The Sickness	author	K. A. Applegate
The Experiment	author	K. A. Applegate
The Conspiracy	author	K. A. Applegate
Bom-Crioulo	author	Adolfo Caminha
Mindless Eating	author	Brian Wansink
Eulalia!	author	Brian Jacques
In the Pond	author	Ha Jin
The Counterfeiters	author	André Gide
Silk	author	Alessandro Baricco
Storm Front	author	Jim Butcher
New Day	author	V. S. Reid
In the Winter Dark	author	Tim Winton
Shallows	author	Tim Winton
The Turning	author	Tim Winton
A Singular Conspiracy	author	Barry Perowne
The First Eagle	author	Tony Hillerman
Rencontre au Sommet	author	Anthony Burgess and Isaac Bashevis Singer
The Continent of Circe	author	Nirad C. Chaudhuri
Thy Hand, Great Anarch!	author	Nirad C. Chaudhuri
Crest of the Royal Family	author	Chieko Hosokawa
Out of Time's Abyss	author	Edgar Rice Burroughs
Blaze	author	Stephen King
The Wreck of the Zephyr	author	Chris Van Allsburg
The Serpent's Shadow	author	Mercedes Lackey
Sand Monkeys	author	Joanne Horniman
April Fool's Day	author	Bryce Courtenay
Sylvia	author	Bryce Courtenay
Solomon's Song	author	Bryce Courtenay
The Castle in the Forest	author	Norman Mailer
Man of Nazareth	author	Anthony Burgess
Deliverance	author	James Dickey
T-Square	author	Peter Samson with Alan Kotok and possibly Robert A. Saunders
True Tears	author	La'cryma
Why People Believe Weird Things	author	Michael Shermer
Captive Universe	author	Harry Harrison
The Sideways Door	author	R.J. Carter and Troy Riser
Kiss of the Spider Woman	author	Manuel Puig
Loot and Other Stories	author	Nadine Gordimer
July's People	author	Nadine Gordimer
Sir Percy Hits Back	author	Emma Orczy
Love is a Mix Tape	author	Rob Sheffield
Regular Polytopes	author	Harold Scott MacDonald Coxeter
What a Carve Up!	author	Jonathan Coe
The Horror in the Museum and Other Revisions	author	H. P. Lovecraft
Operation Red Jericho	author	Joshua Mowll
A Reverie for Mister Ray	author	Michael BishopMichael H. Hutchins
A Reverie for Mister Ray	author	Michael Bishop Michael H. Hutchins
Echo	author	Francesca Lia Block
Any Old Iron	author	Anthony Burgess
Honest to God	author	John A. T. Robinson Bishop of Woolwich
Wayside School is Falling Down	author	Louis Sachar
The Laughing Cavalier	author	Emma Orczy
Wayside School Gets A Little Stranger	author	Louis Sachar
Sideways Arithmetic from Wayside School	author	Louis Sachar
The Act of Roger Murgatroyd	author	Gilbert Adair
Fairy Cube	author	Kaori Yuki
Gentlemen Prefer Blondes	author	Anita Loos
Evermore	author	edited by James Robert Smith and Stephen Mark Rainey
Other Worlds Than Ours	author	Nelson S. Bond
Our Lady of the Assassins	author	Fernando Vallejo
Apple to the Core	author	Peter McCabe, Robert D. Schonfeld
Deception	author	Philip Roth
Google Patents	author	Google
Eikou no Napoleon – Eroica	author	Riyoko Ikeda
Damia's Children	author	Anne McCaffrey
Paris to the Moon	author	Adam Gopnik
The Oblong Box	author	Edgar Allan Poe
The April Witch	author	Ray Bradbury
The Jewels of Aptor	author	Samuel R. Delany
Captives of the Flame	author	Samuel R. Delany
The Towers of Toron	author	Samuel R. Delany
City of a Thousand Suns	author	Samuel R. Delany
The Ballad of Beta-2	author	Samuel R. Delany
The Einstein Intersection	author	Samuel R. Delany
What Is the What	author	Dave Eggers
Equinox	author	Samuel R. Delany
The High Frontier: Human Colonies in Space	author	Gerard K. O'Neill
The Devil in Amber	author	Mark Gatiss
The Russian Debutante's Handbook	author	Gary Shteyngart
They Fly at Çiron	author	Samuel R. Delany
Inubaka: Crazy for Dogs	author	Yukiya Sakuragi
The Jennifer Morgue	author	Charles Stross
Satisfaction Guaranteed	author	Ryo Saenagi
Babylon 5: Dark Genesis – The Birth of the Psi Corps	author	J. Gregory Keyes
The Nightmare of Black Island	author	Mike Tucker
Meat Loaf: To Hell and Back	author	Meat Loaf, with David Dalton
When the Eagle Hunts	author	Simon Scarrow
Wikinomics	author	Don Tapscott
Wikinomics	author	Anthony D. Williams
The Risen Empire	author	Scott Westerfeld
Hitchhiker's Guide to the Internet	author	Ed Krol
Atlantis: Three Tales	author	Samuel R. Delany
Sora Iro no Tane	author	Rieko Nakagawa
The Great Santini	author	Pat Conroy
Mass Effect: Revelation	author	Drew Karpyshyn
The House That Stood Still	author	A. E. van Vogt
Hunting Badger	author	Tony Hillerman
Azure Bonds	author	Kate Novak
Azure Bonds	author	Jeff Grubb
Green Angel	author	Alice Hoffman
Songs of the Doomed	author	Hunter S. Thompson
The Way of the Scarlet Pimpernel	author	Emma Orczy
Fabiola	author	Nicholas Patrick Wiseman
Past Continuous	author	Yaakov Shabtai
The Art of Destruction	author	Stephen Cole
The Price of Paradise	author	Colin Brake
Feeling Sorry for Celia	author	Jaclyn Moriarty
A Child of the Revolution	author	Emma Orczy
The First Sir Percy	author	Emma Orczy
The Triumph of the Scarlet Pimpernel	author	Emma Orczy
The Chinese Gold Murders	author	Robert van Gulik
The Chinese Bell Murders	author	Robert van Gulik
Twenty Five Years of an Artist	author	David Hamilton
The Big Orange Splot	author	Daniel Manus Pinkwater
The Chinese Lake Murders	author	Robert van Gulik
The Chinese Nail Murders	author	Robert van Gulik
The Chinese Maze Murders	author	Robert van Gulik
The Haunted Monastery	author	Robert van Gulik
The Stones of Nomuru	author	L. Sprague de Camp and Catherine Crook de Camp
The Emperor's Pearl	author	Robert van Gulik
The Lacquer Screen	author	Robert van Gulik
The Red Pavilion	author	Robert van Gulik
The Monkey and the Tiger	author	Robert van Gulik
One: Kagayaku Kisetsu e	author	Midori Tateyama
Dragons in the Waters	author	Madeleine L'Engle
The Nepenthaceae of the Netherlands Indies	author	B. H. Danser
The Frozen Deep	author	Wilkie Collins
The Frozen Deep	author	& Charles Dickens
Yokujō Climax	author	Ayane Ukyō
Michaelmas	author	Algis Budrys
Kara no Kyōkai	author	Kinoko Nasu
The Last Jihad	author	Joel C. Rosenberg
Shorter Views	author	Samuel R. Delany
Longer Views	author	Samuel R. Delany
Silent Interviews	author	Samuel R. Delany
The Willow Pattern	author	Robert van Gulik
Murder in Canton	author	Robert van Gulik
Judge Dee at Work	author	Robert van Gulik
The Phantom of the Temple	author	Robert van Gulik
Necklace and Calabash	author	Robert van Gulik
Poets and Murder	author	Robert van Gulik
The Wind	author	Dorothy Scarborough
Dinosaurs!	author	edited by  Jack Dann and Gardner Dozois
A Fairly Honourable Defeat	author	Iris Murdoch
Good Morning Call	author	Yue Takasuka
Indra's Pearls	author	David Mumford, Caroline Series, David Wright
Red Indian Folk and Fairy Tales	author	Ruth Manning-Sanders
Memoirs of Emma Courtney	author	Mary Hays
The Dangerous Book for Boys	author	Conn Iggulden and Hal Iggulden
GoodKnyght!	author	Steve Barlow
GoodKnyght!	author	Steve Skidmore
The Righteous Men	author	Sam Bourne
International Encyclopedia of Sexuality	author	Robert T. Francoeur and Raymond J. Noonan
From Boys to Men: Gay Men Write About Growing Up	author	Ted Gideonse
From Boys to Men: Gay Men Write About Growing Up	author	Rob Williams
Artemis Fowl: The Time Paradox	author	Eoin Colfer
Sexy	author	Joyce Carol Oates
Someone in the Dark	author	August Derleth
The Convenient Marriage	author	Georgette Heyer
Out of Space and Time	author	Clark Ashton Smith
The Talisman Ring	author	Georgette Heyer
An Infamous Army	author	Georgette Heyer
The Spanish Bride	author	Georgette Heyer
The Corinthian	author	Georgette Heyer
Faro's Daughter	author	Georgette Heyer
The Reluctant Widow	author	Georgette Heyer
Venetia	author	Georgette Heyer
A Story of the Days to Come	author	H. G. Wells
The Moon Riders	author	Theresa Tomlinson
A New Philosophy of Society	author	Manuel DeLanda
Song Quest	author	Katherine Roberts
December 6	author	Martin Cruz Smith
Coal Run	author	Tawni O’Dell
Sister Mine	author	Tawni O’Dell
The Man of the Crowd	author	Edgar Allan Poe
Nostradamus Ate My Hamster	author	Robert Rankin
Lady of Quality	author	Georgette Heyer
The Tale of Benjamin Bunny	author	Beatrix Potter
Cousin Kate	author	Georgette Heyer
Lyddie	author	Katherine Paterson
False Colours	author	Georgette Heyer
The Nonesuch	author	Georgette Heyer
A Civil Contract	author	Georgette Heyer
The Story of the Glittering Plain	author	William Morris
When You Ride Alone You Ride with bin Laden	author	Bill Maher
Frederica	author	Georgette Heyer
Charity Girl	author	Georgette Heyer
Simon the Coldheart	author	Georgette Heyer
The Eye and the Finger	author	Donald Wandrei
My Lord John	author	Georgette Heyer
Baldur's Gate II: Throne of Bhaal	author	Drew Karpyshyn
Gould's Book of Fish	author	Richard Flanagan
The Conqueror	author	Georgette Heyer
The Great Roxhythe	author	Georgette Heyer
Royal Escape	author	Georgette Heyer
A Garden of Earthly Delights	author	Joyce Carol Oates
Neveryóna	author	Samuel R. Delany
Flight from Nevèrÿon	author	Samuel R. Delany
Tales of Nevèrÿon	author	Samuel R. Delany
Return to Nevèrÿon	author	Samuel R. Delany
Jumbee and Other Uncanny Tales	author	Henry S. Whitehead
Christy	author	Catherine Marshall
The Entropy Effect	author	Vonda N. McIntyre
Mockingbird	author	Walter Tevis
Falcon	author	Jim Starkey
We Are Not Alone	author	James Hilton
Lost Worlds	author	Clark Ashton Smith
The Light in the Piazza	author	Elizabeth Spencer
The Book of Not	author	Tsitsi Dangarembga
A Certain World	author	W. H. Auden
Bad Astronomy	author	Philip Plait
Kiki's Delivery Service	author	Eiko Kadono
Haou Airen	author	Mayu Shinjo
Another Time	author	W. H. Auden
South by Java Head	author	Alistair MacLean
The Legacy of Luna	author	Julia Butterfly Hill
Step on a Crack	author	James Patterson and Michael Ledwidge
Something Near	author	August Derleth
Highschool of the Dead	author	Daisuke Satō
On Killing	author	Dave Grossman
Europe Central	author	William Vollmann
A Year with Swollen Appendices	author	Brian Eno
Vocabulario en lengua castellana y mexicana	author	Alonso de Molina
Bimbos of the Death Sun	author	Sharyn McCrumb
The Opener of the Way	author	Robert Bloch
Ladies Whose Bright Eyes	author	Ford M. Hueffer / Daniel Chaucer
Witch House	author	Evangeline Walton
Green Tea and Other Ghost Stories	author	Sheridan Le Fanu
The Hounds of Tindalos	author	Frank Belknap Long
Seeing Things	author	Seamus Heaney
Baby Love	author	Ayumi Shiina
Binetsu Shōjo	author	Kaho Miyasaka
The Periodic Table of Science Fiction	author	Michael Swanwick
Software	author	Rudy Rucker
The Doll and One Other	author	Algernon Blackwood
TM and Cult Mania	author	Michael Persinger, Normand Carrey, Lynn Suess
The House on the Borderland and Other Novels	author	William Hope Hodgson
Skull-Face and Others	author	Robert E. Howard
PeopleTools	author	PeopleSoft
Bone Sharps, Cowboys, and Thunder Lizards	author	Jim Ottaviani
Vampire Doll	author	Erika Kari
West India Lights	author	Henry S. Whitehead
Fearful Pleasures	author	A. E. Coppard
A Drama in Livonia	author	Jules Verne
Venus Plus X	author	Theodore Sturgeon
Chain of Pearls	author	Kanan Minami
Hell and High Water	author	Joseph J. Romm
Angel and Apostle	author	Deborah Noyes
The Clock Strikes Twelve	author	H. Russell Wakefield
Big Mouth & Ugly Girl	author	Joyce Carol Oates
This Mortal Coil	author	Cynthia Asquith
Koi wa Ina Mono Myōna Mono	author	Taishi Zaō
Dark of the Moon: Poems of Fantasy and the Macabre	author	edited by August Derleth
Saint	author	Ted Dekker
Lala	author	Bill Nguyen
Anne Freaks	author	Yua Kotegawa
Ramona's World	author	Beverly Cleary
Keeping You a Secret	author	Julie Anne Peters
Revelations in Black	author	Carl Richard Jacobi
The Stratagem and other Stories	author	Aleister Crowley
Collected Works of Aleister Crowley 1905-1907	author	Aleister Crowley
Night's Black Agents	author	Fritz Leiber
The Dreaming Jewels	author	Theodore Sturgeon
The Mission Song	author	John le Carré
Dark Quetzal	author	Katherine Roberts
Akuma na Eros	author	Mayu Shinjo
They Came on Viking Ships	author	Jackie French
Sensual Phrase	author	Mayu Shinjo
Car Trouble	author	Jeanne DuPrau
The Travelling Grave and Other Stories	author	L. P. Hartley
The Morning of the Magicians	author	Louis Pauwels and Jacques Bergier
Wetware	author	Rudy Rucker
Love Celeb	author	Mayu Shinjo
The Beggar Queen	author	Lloyd Alexander
On Wings of Song	author	Thomas M. Disch
Honey Bunny!	author	Ryo Ikuemi
Trapped	author	James Alan Gardner
Clockers	author	Richard Price
My Senator and Me	author	Ted Kennedy
The Great Time Machine Hoax	author	Keith Laumer
Arte para aprender la lengua mexicana	author	Andrés de Olmos
Worms Eat My Garbage	author	Mary Arlene Appelhof
Captain Michalis	author	Nikos Kazantzakis
Orpheus no Mado	author	Riyoko Ikeda
All in a Day	author	Mitsumasa Anno
Caesar	author	Colleen McCullough
The Conchologist's First Book	author	Edgar Allan Poe
Lullabies for Little Criminals	author	Heather O'Neill
Zak's Lunch	author	Margie Palatini
The Web of Easter Island	author	Donald Wandrei
The Fourth Book of Jorkens	author	Edward Plunkett, 18th Baron Dunsany
The Veteran	author	Frederick Forsyth
And Chaos Died	author	Joanna Russ
Roads	author	Seabury Quinn
The Risk Pool	author	Richard Russo
The Unparalleled Adventure of One Hans Pfaall	author	Edgar Allan Poe
Private Lies	author	Frank Pittman
Private Lies	author	Doctor of Medicine
Deadly Perfume	author	Gordon Thomas
Genius Loci and Other Tales	author	Clark Ashton Smith
Têtes à claques	author	Michel Beaudet
Not Long for this World	author	August Derleth
The Recruit	author	Robert Muchamore
Class A	author	Robert Muchamore
The Throne of Saturn	author	S. Fowler Wright
Zastrozzi	author	Percy Bysshe Shelley
Red Strangers	author	Elspeth Huxley
Funny Boy	author	Shyam Selvadurai
A Hornbook for Witches	author	Leah Bodine Drake
When the Bough Breaks	author	Jonathan Kellerman
Shattered	author	Dean Koontz
The Flesh in the Furnace	author	Dean Koontz
The Dark Chateau	author	Clark Ashton Smith
The End of Poverty	author	Jeffrey Sachs
Kerberos & Tachiguishi	author	Mamoru Oshii
Tales from Underwood	author	David H. Keller
Mr. Monk and the Blue Flu	author	Lee Goldberg
Night's Yawning Peal: A Ghostly Company	author	edited by August Derleth
Maximum Security	author	Robert Muchamore
Galactic North	author	Alastair Reynolds
The Thirteenth Tale	author	Diane Setterfield
Captive Hearts	author	Matsuri Hino
Unless	author	Carol Shields
Quest	author	Poul Anderson
Empire Falls	author	Richard Russo
Candy: A Novel of Love and Addiction	author	Luke Davies
It's Not News, It's FARK	author	Drew Curtis
Mobile Suit Gundam Alive	author	Yuka Minakawa
Beka Lamb	author	Zee Edgell
FastBack	author	Fifth Generation Systems Inc
Christ Clone Trilogy	author	James BeauSeigneur
The Curse of Yig	author	Zealia Bishop
Thriller	author	James Patterson
Yume no Crayon Oukoku	author	Mine Yoshizaki
Waltz in a White Dress	author	Chiho Saito
Black Book	author	Laurens Abbink Spaink
The Gospel According to Jesus Christ	author	José Saramago
On Truth	author	Harry Frankfurt
My5	author	Channel 5
Baby Pop	author	Yayoi Ogawa
Anata to Scandal	author	Ayumi Shiina
The Queen of Attolia	author	Megan Whalen Turner
Troubling a Star	author	Madeleine L'Engle
The Feasting Dead	author	John Metcalfe
The Survivor and Others	author	H. P. Lovecraft and August Derleth
The Scarlet Gospels	author	Clive Barker
The Gangs of New York	author	Herbert Asbury
Barom-1	author	Takao Saito
Unleavened Bread	author	Robert Grant
RandR	author	X.Org Foundation
Always Comes Evening	author	Robert E. Howard
Challenging the Chip	author	Ted Smith, David A Sonnenfeld, and David Naguib Pellow
The Jupiter Myth	author	Lindsey Davis
Spells and Philtres	author	Clark Ashton Smith
The Wretched Stone	author	Chris Van Allsburg
Shannon's Way	author	A. J. Cronin
The Minstrel Boy	author	A. J. Cronin
The Mask of Cthulhu	author	August Derleth
Nine Horrors and a Dream	author	Joseph Payne Brennan
Star Wars Republic Commando: True Colors	author	Karen Traviss
Irrational Man	author	William Barrett
The Perfect Thing	author	Steven Levy
Some Notes on H. P. Lovecraft	author	August Derleth
WikiLeaks	author	Julian Assange
The Shuttered Room and Other Pieces	author	H. P. Lovecraft & Divers Hands
The Abominations of Yondo	author	Clark Ashton Smith
Pleasant Dreams: Nightmares	author	Robert Bloch
In a Glass Darkly	author	Sheridan Le Fanu
Invaders from the Dark	author	Greye La Spina
The Wyvern's Spur	author	Kate Novak
The Wyvern's Spur	author	Jeff Grubb
Company K	author	William March
Strayers from Sheol	author	H. Russell Wakefield
The Last Stand of the Tin Can Sailors	author	James D. Hornfischer
Fire and Sleet and Candlelight	author	edited by August Derleth
The Killing	author	Robert Muchamore
The Globalized City	author	Frank Moulaert, Arantxa Rodriguez, Erik Swyngedouw
Dreams and Fancies	author	H. P. Lovecraft
The Rise of the Black Wolf	author	Derek Benz and J. S. Lewis
This Day All Gods Die	author	Stephen R. Donaldson
Forbidden Knowledge	author	Stephen R. Donaldson
Lonesome Places	author	August Derleth
A Dark and Hungry God Arises	author	Stephen R. Donaldson
Sun of Suns	author	Karl Schroeder
Chaos and Order	author	Stephen R. Donaldson
The Real Story	author	Stephen R. Donaldson
Prater Violet	author	Christopher Isherwood
Mazinger Angels	author	Go Nagai
Dark Mind, Dark Heart	author	edited by August Derleth
Brown Bear, Brown Bear, What Do You See%3F	author	Bill Martin, Jr.
Commentary on Palestine: Peace Not Apartheid	author	Jimmy Carter
Sparkle	author	www.andymatuschak.org
Palestine: Peace Not Apartheid	author	Jimmy Carter
The Cambridge Grammar of the English Language	author	Rodney Huddleston
The Cambridge Grammar of the English Language	author	Geoffrey K. Pullum
Clutch	author	Daniel Hodge
Clutch	author	Lawrence Oberc
The Blood-Stained God	author	Robert E. Howard and L. Sprague de Camp
The Horror from the Hills	author	Frank Belknap Long
Collected Poems	author	H. P. Lovecraft
Max Lovely!	author	Erika Kurahashi
Seikimatsu no Angel	author	Erika Kurahashi
Autobiography: Some Notes on a Nonentity	author	H. P. Lovecraft
Jibaku-kun	author	Ami Shibata
Tales of the Black Widowers	author	Isaac Asimov
100 Books by August Derleth	author	August Derleth
Alpen Rose	author	Michiyo Akaishi
Who Fears the Devil%3F	author	Manly Wade Wellman
Colonel Chabert	author	Honoré de Balzac
Passage to Juneau: A Sea and Its Meanings	author	Jonathan Raban
Test of the Twins	author	Margaret Weis and Tracy Hickman
Gag Manga Biyori	author	Kōsuke Masuda
Night Season	author	Eileen Wilks
Only Human	author	Eileen Wilks
Tempting Danger	author	Eileen Wilks
Mortal Danger	author	Eileen Wilks
Blood Lines	author	Eileen Wilks
Objectivity and Liberal Scholarship	author	Noam Chomsky
American Power and the New Mandarins	author	Noam Chomsky
Mr. George and Other Odd Persons	author	August Derleth
The Dark Man and Others	author	Robert E. Howard
The Inhabitant of the Lake and Less Welcome Tenants	author	J. Ramsey Campbell
Poems for Midnight	author	Donald Wandrei
Starquake	author	Robert Forward
Over the Edge	author	edited by August Derleth
The Second Generation	author	Margaret Weis and Tracy Hickman
The Black Tower	author	P. D. James
Letters from Wolfie	author	Patti Sherlock
The Oxford Dictionary of Philosophy	author	Simon Blackburn
Duel in the Sun	author	John Brant
Portraits in Moonlight	author	Carl Richard Jacobi
Nightmare Need	author	Joseph Payne Brennan
Actors' Analects	author	Sugi Kuhee
Actors' Analects	author	Tominaga Heibee
Actors' Analects	author	Fukuoka Yagoshirō
Actors' Analects	author	Kaneko Kichizaemon
Tales of Science and Sorcery	author	Clark Ashton Smith
Selected Letters of H. P. Lovecraft I	author	H. P. Lovecraft
Poems in Prose	author	Clark Ashton Smith
The Long Winter	author	Laura Ingalls Wilder
The Quick and the Dead	author	Vincent Starrett
AntiPatterns	author	The \
AntiPatterns	author	William Brown
AntiPatterns	author	Raphael Malveau
AntiPatterns	author	Skip McCormick
AntiPatterns	author	Tom Mowbray
Something Breathing	author	Stanley McNail
Strange Harvest	author	Donald Wandrei
Rivalry and Tribute	author	Bruce Elliot Tapper
The Dark Brotherhood and Other Pieces	author	H. P. Lovecraft & Divers Hands
Colonel Markesan and Less Pleasant People	author	August Derleth and Mark Schorer
Adventures of the Scarlet Pimpernel	author	Baroness Orczy
Black Medicine	author	Arthur J. Burks
Deep Waters	author	William Hope Hodgson
Hibiki's Magic	author	Jun Maeda
The Silent Blade	author	R. A. Salvatore
The Mind Parasites	author	Colin Wilson
Three Tales of Horror	author	H. P. Lovecraft & Divers Hands
Travellers by Night	author	edited by August Derleth
Qcodo	author	Mike Ho, Quasidea Development
Narratives of Islamic Origins	author	Fred Donner
Strange Gateways	author	E. Hoffmann Price
The Green Round	author	Arthur Machen
Selected Letters of H. P. Lovecraft II	author	H. P. Lovecraft
Small Vices	author	Robert B. Parker
Last Man Standing	author	David Baldacci
Wikiseek	author	SearchMe
Garden State	author	Rick Moody
El estrangulador	author	Manuel Vázquez Montalbán
Cry of Morning	author	Brian Cleeve
The Kindly Ones	author	Jonathan Littell
The Secrets of Vesuvius	author	Caroline Lawrence
Ampache	author	Karl Vollmer
Lammas Night	author	Katherine Kurtz
The Dark	author	John McGahern
Nightmares and Daydreams	author	Nelson S. Bond
Memoir	author	John McGahern
The Cage	author	Tom Abraham
All 4	author	Channel Four Television Corporation
The Folsom Flint and Other Curious Tales	author	David H. Keller
Thirty Years of Arkham House, 1939–69	author	August Derleth
Other Dimensions	author	Clark Ashton Smith
In Times Like These	author	Zee Edgell
Thunder Point	author	Jack Higgins
The Far Hills	author	Brian Cleeve
Selected Poems	author	Clark Ashton Smith
The Face in the Mirror	author	Denys Val Baker
Eight Tales	author	Walter de la Mare
Halfway Human	author	Carolyn Ives Gilman
Dark Things	author	edited by August Derleth
Name It and Frame It%3F	author	Steve Levicoff
Songs and Sonnets Atlantean	author	Donald Sidney-Fryer
Selected Letters of H. P. Lovecraft III	author	H. P. Lovecraft
A Short History of a Small Place	author	T. R. Pearson
The Caller of the Black	author	Brian Lumley
The Arkham Collector: Volume I	author	edited by August Derleth
Disclosures in Scarlet	author	Carl Richard Jacobi
The Rim of the Unknown	author	Frank Belknap Long
Demons by Daylight	author	Ramsey Campbell
From Evil's Pillow	author	Basil Copper
Stories of Darkness and Dread	author	Joseph Payne Brennan
Breakpoint	author	Richard A. Clarke
Beneath the Moors	author	Brian Lumley
The World of Karl Pilkington	author	Karl Pilkington
The World of Karl Pilkington	author	Stephen Merchant
The World of Karl Pilkington	author	Ricky Gervais
The Geebung Polo Club	author	Banjo Paterson
Collected Ghost Stories	author	Mary Eleanor Wilkins Freeman
The Watchers Out of Time and Others	author	H. P. Lovecraft and August Derleth
Howard Phillips Lovecraft: Dreamer on the Nightside	author	Frank Belknap Long
Sharpe's Christmas	author	Bernard Cornwell
Xélucha and Others	author	M. P. Shiel
Harrigan's File	author	August Derleth
The House of the Worm	author	Gary Myers
The Lord of the Rings: A Reader's Companion	author	Wayne G. Hammond and Christina Scull
Callista	author	John Henry Newman
Nameless Places	author	edited by Gerald W. Page
The Purcell Papers	author	Sheridan Le Fanu
Dreams from R'lyeh	author	Lin Carter
Selected Letters of H. P. Lovecraft IV	author	H. P. Lovecraft
Selected Letters of H. P. Lovecraft V	author	H. P. Lovecraft
Dwellers in Darkness	author	August Derleth
The Height of the Scream	author	Ramsey Campbell
Fiela's Child	author	Dalene Matthee
Kecksies and Other Twilight Tales	author	Marjorie Bowen
And Afterward, the Dark	author	Basil Copper
American Fascists	author	Chris Hedges
The Horror at Oakdeene and Others	author	Brian Lumley
My Life in Art	author	Constantin Stanislavski
In Mayan Splendor	author	Frank Belknap Long
Born to Exile	author	Phyllis Eisenstein
What Is Mathematics%3F	author	Richard Courant and Herbert Robbins
Vigilant	author	James Alan Gardner
Half in Shadow	author	Mary Elizabeth Counselman
In the Mist and Other Uncanny Encounters	author	Elizabeth Walter
The Princess of All Lands	author	Russell Kirk
GlusterFS	author	Gluster
The Deluge Drivers	author	Alan Dean Foster
Pure Drivel	author	Steve Martin
The Confessions of Mycroft Holmes: A Paper Chase	author	Marcel Theroux
The Black Book of Clark Ashton Smith	author	Clark Ashton Smith
The Unbeheaded King	author	L. Sprague de Camp
Necropolis	author	Basil Copper
Redemption	author	Howard Fast
The Third Grave	author	David F. Case
Kai Lung Unrolls His Mat	author	Ernest Bramah
Why Paint Cats	author	Burton Silver
Sacred Games	author	Vikram Chandra
Second Folio	author	William Shakespeare
Peace Is Possible	author	S. Daniel Abraham
Peace Is Possible	author	Bill Clinton, foreword
Blood Hound	author	Kaori Yuki
Old Witch Boneyleg	author	Ruth Manning-Sanders
General Relativity	author	Robert Wald
Collected Poems	author	Richard L. Tierney
The Brimstone Wedding	author	Barbara Vine
Tales from the Nightside	author	Charles L. Grant
No Night Is Too Long	author	Barbara Vine
Asta's Book	author	Barbara Vine
Gallowglass	author	Barbara Vine
Blooded on Arachne	author	Michael Bishop
A Dark-Adapted Eye	author	Barbara Vine
Ancilotto, King of Provino	author	Giovanni Francesco Straparola
The Darkling	author	David Kesterton
The Miocene Arrow	author	Sean McMullen
Eyes of the Calculor	author	Sean McMullen
The Solar Pons Omnibus	author	August Derleth
The Law	author	Frédéric Bastiat
Make Love! The Bruce Campbell Way	author	Bruce Campbell
The House of the Wolf	author	Basil Copper
The Wind from a Burning Woman	author	Greg Bear
The Siege of Macindaw	author	John Flanagan
One Winter in Eden	author	Michael Bishop
Watchers at the Strait Gate	author	Russell Kirk
Who Made Stevie Crye%3F	author	Michael Bishop
Lovecraft's Book	author	Richard A. Lupoff
The New Believers	author	David V. Barrett
The Good Guy	author	Dean Koontz
Lafcadio: The Lion Who Shot Back	author	Shel Silverstein
Tales of the Quintana Roo	author	James Tiptree, Jr.
Return of the Living Dead	author	John A. Russo
Thrice Upon a Time	author	James P. Hogan
Dreams of Dark and Light: The Great Short Fiction of Tanith Lee	author	Tanith Lee
Game Wars	author	Marc Reisner
The Jaguar Hunter	author	Lucius Shepard
Polyphemus	author	Michael Shea
A Rendezvous in Averoigne	author	Clark Ashton Smith
Memories of the Space Age	author	J.G. Ballard
Crystal Express	author	Bruce Sterling
The Ends of the Earth	author	Lucius Shepard
Man vs Beast	author	Robert Muchamore
The Innocent	author	Ian McEwan
The Spinal Cord Perception	author	Josh Dies
Utz	author	Bruce Chatwin
What Am I Doing Here	author	Bruce Chatwin
The Holy Sinner	author	Thomas Mann
Gravity's Angels	author	Michael Swanwick
Dr. Kotō Shinryōjo	author	Takatoshi Yamada
Lord Kelvin's Machine	author	James P. Blaylock
Special Assignments	author	Boris Akunin
Meeting in Infinity	author	John Kessel
The Higher Power of Lucky	author	Susan Patron
The Aliens of Earth	author	Nancy Kress
Alone with the Horrors: The Great Short Fiction of Ramsey Campbell 1961–1991	author	Ramsey Campbell
Flotsam	author	David Wiesner
The Hatchet	author	Mihail Sadoveanu
The Breath of Suspension	author	Alexander Jablokov
Miscellaneous Writings	author	H. P. Lovecraft
Synthesis & Other Virtual Realities	author	Mary Rosenblum
The Man Who Evolved	author	Edmond Hamilton
Flight of the Old Dog	author	Dale Brown
Flowers from the Moon and Other Lunacies	author	Robert Bloch
Gideon's Day	author	John Creasey
Voyages by Starlight	author	Ian R. MacLeod
By the North Gate	author	Joyce Carol Oates
The Falling Torch	author	Algis Budrys
Across Five Aprils	author	Irene Hunt
Man of Earth	author	Algis Budrys
Lovecraft Remembered	author	edited by Peter Cannon
New Horizons	author	edited by August Derleth
Dragonfly	author	Frederic S. Durbin
Sixty Years of Arkham House	author	S.T. Joshi
In the Stone House	author	Barry N. Malzberg
Tolkien: A Look Behind %22The Lord of the Rings%22	author	Lin Carter
Rokudenashi Blues	author	Masanori Morita
My Losing Season	author	Pat Conroy
Amen Corner	author	Rick Shefchik
Short Trips: Dalek Empire	author	Nicholas Briggs with Simon Guerrier
Winding Paths	author	Bruce Chatwin
Photographs and Notebooks	author	Bruce Chatwin
Anatomy of Restlessness	author	Bruce Chatwin
Arkham's Masters of Horror	author	edited by Peter Ruber
The Book of General Ignorance	author	John Lloyd
The Book of General Ignorance	author	John Mitchinson
Santiago: a Myth of the Far Future	author	Mike Resnick
The Immortals	author	Tracy Hickman
The Puppet Designer	author	Nicholas Lens
Zulu Heart	author	Steven Barnes
Tutunamayanlar	author	Oğuz Atay
The Great Pyramid Robbery	author	Katherine Roberts
Strawberry Shake Sweet	author	Shizuru Hayashiya
Rigs of Rods	author	Pierre-Michel Ricordel
The Foundations of the Nineteenth Century	author	Houston Stewart Chamberlain
The Complete Guide to Prehistoric Life	author	Tim Haines
The Complete Guide to Prehistoric Life	author	Paul Chambers
The Long Tomorrow	author	Leigh Brackett
Boyhood: Scenes from Provincial Life	author	J. M. Coetzee
Down There on a Visit	author	Christopher Isherwood
Philosophy as Cultural Politics	author	Richard Rorty
Selected Letters of Clark Ashton Smith	author	Clark Ashton Smith
Man from the South	author	Roald Dahl
The Cleansing	author	John D. Harvey
The Far Side of Nowhere	author	Nelson S. Bond
Book of the Dead	author	E. Hoffmann Price
Cave of a Thousand Tales	author	Milt Thomas
CNR	author	Linspire, Inc.
Code: Version 2.0	author	Lawrence Lessig
The Babylon Game	author	Katherine Roberts
Vocabulario manual de las lenguas castellana y mexicana	author	Pedro de Arenas
The Dawkins Delusion%3F	author	Alister McGrath
The Dawkins Delusion%3F	author	Joanna Collicutt McGrath
Gizmodo	author	Peter Rojas
I Am the Great Horse	author	Katherine Roberts
Spellfall	author	Katherine Roberts
The Cleopatra Curse	author	Katherine Roberts
The Colossus Crisis	author	Katherine Roberts
The Olympic Conspiracy	author	Katherine Roberts
The Mausoleum Murder	author	Katherine Roberts
The Amazon Temple Quest	author	Katherine Roberts
Problem at Pollensa Bay and Other Stories	author	Agatha Christie
While the Light Lasts and Other Stories	author	Agatha Christie
Honey Honey no Suteki na Bouken	author	Hideko Mizuno
The Jane Austen Book Club	author	Karen Joy Fowler
Time Cat: The Remarkable Journeys of Jason and Gareth	author	Lloyd Alexander
Masters of the Wild	author	David Eckelberry
Masters of the Wild	author	Mike Selinker
Song and Silence	author	David Noonan and John D. Rateliff
A Struggle for Rome	author	Felix Dahn
Imperial Life in the Emerald City	author	Rajiv Chandrasekaran
Orange Pocket	author	Jōji Kamio
Gerard & Jacques	author	Fumi Yoshinaga
The House of Morgan	author	Ron Chernow
Judith	author	Brian Cleeve
Life 102	author	Peter McWilliams
The Separation	author	K. A. Applegate
Memories of the Irish-Israeli War	author	Philomena Muinzer
Die Feuerzangenbowle	author	Heinrich Spoerl
In Re: Sherlock Holmes	author	August Derleth
Bonjour paresse	author	Corinne Maier
Carnacki, the Ghost-Finder	author	William Hope Hodgson
The Eugenics Wars: The Rise and Fall of Khan Noonien Singh	author	Greg Cox
House of Sand and Fog	author	Andre Dubus III
The Memoirs of Solar Pons	author	August Derleth
The Fruit at the Bottom of the Bowl	author	Ray Bradbury
Three Problems for Solar Pons	author	August Derleth
The Return of Solar Pons	author	August Derleth
The Cat Who Could Read Backwards	author	Lilian Jackson Braun
The Cat Who Ate Danish Modern	author	Lilian Jackson Braun
The Catalogue of the Universe	author	Margaret Mahy
The Man Within	author	Graham Greene
Saint October	author	Kiira~☆
The Reminiscences of Solar Pons	author	August Derleth
The Casebook of Solar Pons	author	August Derleth
The Sea Hunters: True Adventures with Famous Shipwrecks	author	Clive Cussler & Craig Dirgo
The Gruffalo's Child	author	Julia Donaldson
The Sea Hunters II	author	Clive Cussler & Craig Dirgo
The Princess Diaries, Volume III: Princess in Love	author	Meg Cabot
Stormblade	author	Nancy Varian Berberick
Chattery Teeth	author	Stephen King
The Phantom-Fighter	author	Seabury Quinn
The Red Fighter Pilot	author	Manfred von Richthofen
Love	author	Toni Morrison
Grab Hands and Run	author	Frances Temple
The Goa Inquisition	author	Anant Priolkar
Naked Economics	author	Charles Wheelan
The Doom Brigade	author	Margaret Weis and Don Perrin
The Celestial Bed	author	Irving Wallace
Veoh	author	Dr. Ted Dunning
Reading Like a Writer	author	Francine Prose
Darkest Hour	author	V. C. Andrews
Remote	author	Tadashi Agi
Love Com	author	Aya Nakahara
Animals of the Bible	author	Text compiled by Helen Dean Fish
Mei Li	author	Thomas Handforth
Abraham Lincoln	author	Ingri and Edgar Parin d'Aulaire
The Rooster Crows	author	Maud and Miska Petersham
White Snow, Bright Snow	author	Alvin Tresselt
The Big Snow	author	Berta and Elmer Hader
Song of the Swallows	author	Leo Politi
Finders Keepers	author	William Lipkind
Madeline's Rescue	author	Ludwig Bemelmans
Cinderella, or the Little Glass Slipper	author	Marcia Brown
Frog Went A-Courtin'	author	John Langstaff
Nine Days to Christmas	author	Marie Hall Ets and Aurora Labastida
Once a Mouse	author	Marcia Brown
One Fine Day	author	Nonny Hogrogian
A Story a Story	author	Gail E. Haley
The Funny Little Woman	author	Arlene Mosel
Baboushka and the Three Kings	author	Ruth Robbins
The Ramsay Scallop	author	Frances Temple
Noah's Ark	author	Peter Spier
The Girl Who Loved Wild Horses	author	Paul Goble
Fables	author	Arnold Lobel
Shadow	author	Blaise Cendrars
Hey, Al	author	Arthur Yorinks
Saint George and the Dragon	author	Margaret Hodges
The Glorious Flight	author	Alice and Martin Provensen
Lon Po Po	author	Ed Young
Black and White	author	David Macaulay
Tuesday	author	David Wiesner
Grandfather's Journey	author	Allen Say
The Three Pigs	author	David Wiesner
Rapunzel	author	Brothers Grimm
Snowflake Bentley	author	Jacqueline Briggs Martin
My Friend Rabbit	author	Eric Rohmann
Body Alchemy	author	Loren Cameron
The Blue Air Compressor	author	Stephen King
The Barnum Museum	author	Steven Millhauser
The Beasts of Tarzan	author	Edgar Rice Burroughs
Tarzan the Terrible	author	Edgar Rice Burroughs
Jungle Tales of Tarzan	author	Edgar Rice Burroughs
Tarzan and the Jewels of Opar	author	Edgar Rice Burroughs
The Son of Tarzan	author	Edgar Rice Burroughs
Tarzan and the Golden Lion	author	Edgar Rice Burroughs
Tarzan, Lord of the Jungle	author	Edgar Rice Burroughs
Tarzan the Invincible	author	Edgar Rice Burroughs
Tarzan Triumphant	author	Edgar Rice Burroughs
Tarzan and the City of Gold	author	Edgar Rice Burroughs
Tarzan and the Leopard Men	author	Edgar Rice Burroughs
Tarzan and the Lost Empire	author	Edgar Rice Burroughs
Tarzan at the Earth's Core	author	Edgar Rice Burroughs
Tarzan's Quest	author	Edgar Rice Burroughs
Tarzan and the Forbidden City	author	Edgar Rice Burroughs
Tarzan and the Lion Man	author	Edgar Rice Burroughs
Tarzan the Magnificent	author	Edgar Rice Burroughs
Tarzan and the Foreign Legion	author	Edgar Rice Burroughs
Tarzan and the Madman	author	Edgar Rice Burroughs
Tarzan and the Castaways	author	Edgar Rice Burroughs
Dungeonscape	author	Jason Bulmahn and Rich Burlew
The Ice House	author	Minette Walters
Messiah	author	Boris Starling
Tommy Storm	author	A.J. Healy
The Dandelion Girl	author	Robert F. Young
Big Deal: A Year as a Professional Poker Player	author	Anthony Holden
Bigger Deal: A Year Inside the Poker Boom	author	Anthony Holden
Firstborn	author	Paul B. Thompson
Firstborn	author	Tonya R. Carter
The Cat from Hell	author	Stephen King
Ribsy	author	Beverly Cleary
The Measure of a Man: A Spiritual Autobiography	author	Sidney Poitier
Bad Company	author	Tooru Fujisawa
Fatherland	author	Robert Harris
They Shoot Horses, Don't They%3F	author	Horace McCoy
The Phantom Public	author	Walter Lippmann
Yahoo! Sports	author	Yahoo!
Corridor	author	Alfian Sa'at
54	author	Wu Ming Foundation
Europa	author	European Commission
Cut	author	Patricia McCormick
Sword and Fist	author	Jason Carl
Tome and Blood	author	Bruce R. Cordell, Skip Williams
Tread Softly in This Place	author	Brian Cleeve
The Scold's Bridle	author	Minette Walters
The Dark Room	author	Minette Walters
The Echo	author	Minette Walters
The Tinder Box	author	Minette Walters
The Shape of Snakes	author	Minette Walters
Disordered Minds	author	Minette Walters
The Devil's Feather	author	Minette Walters
Chickenfeed	author	Minette Walters
The Dragon and the George	author	Gordon R. Dickson
The Dragon Knight	author	Gordon R. Dickson
Kamen Rider Spirits	author	Kenichi Muraeda
Kamen Rider Spirits	author	Shotaro Ishinomori
When Prophecy Fails	author	Leon Festinger, Henry Riecken, Stanley Schachter
The 6th Target	author	James Patterson and Maxine Paetro
Everyone Worth Knowing	author	Lauren Weisberger
Hussar's Picture Book	author	Pál Kelemen
Rakka Ryūsui	author	Ikki Sanada
The Myth of the American Superhero	author	Robert Jewett
The Myth of the American Superhero	author	John Shelton Lawrence
A Escrava Isaura	author	Bernardo Guimarães
Menino de engenho	author	José Lins do Rego
The Paper Bag Princess	author	Robert Munsch
The Driver's Seat	author	Muriel Spark
Been Down So Long It Looks Like Up to Me	author	Richard Fariña
The Fairy Godmother	author	Mercedes Lackey
Zig Zag	author	Yuki Nakaji
Revolution in the Head	author	Ian MacDonald
Affinity	author	Sarah Waters
Lover	author	Bertha Harris
The Three Witch Maidens	author	Ruth Manning-Sanders
A Praed Street Dossier	author	August Derleth
The Millstone	author	Margaret Drabble
Coroner's Pidgin	author	Margery Allingham
More Work for the Undertaker	author	Margery Allingham
The Tiger in the Smoke	author	Margery Allingham
The Beckoning Lady	author	Margery Allingham
Metroland	author	Julian Barnes
The Astonishing Life of Octavian Nothing, Traitor to the Nation, Volume I: The Pox Party	author	Matthew Tobin Anderson
The Night Watch	author	Sarah Waters
Savage Night	author	Jim Thompson
Island	author	Alistair MacLeod
Grotesque	author	Natsuo Kirino
A Perfect Night to Go to China	author	David Gilmour
The History of The Hobbit	author	J. R. R. Tolkien
The History of The Hobbit	author	John D. Rateliff
The King of Attolia	author	Megan Whalen Turner
Sons	author	Pearl S. Buck
A House Divided	author	Pearl S. Buck
The In-Between World of Vikram Lall	author	M G Vassanji
All That Matters	author	Wayson Choy
Paper Shadows	author	Wayson Choy
Wisconsin Murders	author	August Derleth
The Englishman's Boy	author	Guy Vanderhaeghe
The Exploits of Chevalier Dupin	author	Michael Harrison
Generation Kill	author	Evan Wright
Crooked Little Vein	author	Warren Ellis
The Adventure of the Unique Dickensians	author	August Derleth
Mr. Fairlie's Final Journey	author	August Derleth
Keeper	author	Mal Peet
La Anam	author	Ihsan Abdel Quddous
Tamar	author	Mal Peet
The Penalty	author	Mal Peet
Number Seven, Queer Street	author	Margery Lawrence
Letters of Insurgents	author	Fredy Perlman
The Chronicles of Solar Pons	author	August Derleth
Nicolette	author	Baroness Orczy
Prince Zaleski and Cummings King Monk	author	M. P. Shiel
Skin o' My Tooth	author	Baroness Orczy
The Final Adventures of Solar Pons	author	August Derleth
The Case of Miss Elliott	author	Baroness Orczy
The Divine Folly	author	Baroness Orczy
God and the New Physics	author	Paul Davies
In Lovecraft's Shadow	author	August Derleth
The Old Man in the Corner	author	Baroness Orczy
The Original Text Solar Pons Omnibus Edition	author	August Derleth
The Wailing Wind	author	Tony Hillerman
Kitty Norville	author	Carrie Vaughn
The Art of Fiction: A Guide for Writers and Readers	author	Ayn Rand
Fairest	author	Gail Carson Levine
The Public and its Problems	author	John Dewey
Chobi of Animal Island	author	Nyanko Kanashiro
Sharra's Exile	author	Marion Zimmer Bradley
Joseph Smith: The Making of a Prophet	author	Dan Vogel
The Dean's December	author	Saul Bellow
A Theft	author	Saul Bellow
The Bellarosa Connection	author	Saul Bellow
The Actual	author	Saul Bellow
Zuckerman Unbound	author	Philip Roth
Book of Challenges	author	Daniel Kaufman
Book of Challenges	author	Gwendolyn Kestrel
Book of Challenges	author	Mike Selinker
Book of Challenges	author	Skip Williams
Audiokinetic Wwise	author	Audiokinetic
The Anatomy Lesson	author	Philip Roth
Beezus and Ramona	author	Beverly Cleary
Tales from Moominvalley	author	Tove Jansson
Moominpappa at Sea	author	Tove Jansson
Moominvalley in November	author	Tove Jansson
The Poorhouse Fair	author	John Updike
The Dangerous Journey	author	Tove Jansson
Brazil	author	John Updike
The Miraculous Journey of Edward Tulane	author	Kate DiCamillo
Gallows Thief	author	Bernard Cornwell
In the Grip of Winter	author	Colin Dann
Life Together	author	Dietrich Bonhoeffer
Cast Two Shadows	author	Ann Rinaldi
An Acquaintance with Darkness	author	Ann Rinaldi
A Ride into Morning	author	Ann Rinaldi
Recording the Beatles	author	Kevin Ryan and Brian Kehew
The Book about Moomin, Mymble and Little My	author	Tove Jansson
The Talk of the Town	author	Ardal O'Hanlon
Among the Believers	author	V. S. Naipaul
Hurricane Punch	author	Tim Dorsey
Life Studies	author	Robert Lowell
The Dangerous Transmission	author	Franklin W. Dixon
The Mills of The Kavanaughs	author	Robert Lowell
Lord Weary's Castle	author	Robert Lowell
The Tale of Two Bad Mice	author	Beatrix Potter
The Story of Miss Moppet	author	Beatrix Potter
Festivals	author	Ruth Manning-Sanders
The American Century: Varieties of Culture in Modern Times	author	Norman F. Cantor
Twilight in the Forbidden City	author	Reginald Johnston
Latin Wikipedia	author	Jimmy Wales
Tenshi Ja Nai!!	author	Takako Shigematsu
Who Will Comfort Toffle%3F	author	Tove Jansson
Cold Tom	author	Sally Prue
Martyn Pig	author	Kevin Brooks
The Constant Princess	author	Philippa Gregory
Peter and the Secret of Rundoon	author	Dave Barry
Peter and the Secret of Rundoon	author	Ridley Pearson
Dreamland: A Self-Help Manual for a Frightened Nation	author	Andri Snær Magnason
One China, Many Paths	author	Chaohua Wang
The Omnivore's Dilemma	author	Michael Pollan
Dumbing Us Down	author	John Taylor Gatto
Cutty Sark	author	Ivan Yefremov
Bright April	author	Marguerite de Angeli
Stellar Ships	author	Ivan Yefremov
From Where We Stand	author	Leo Ryan, editor
Metaphysical Foundations of Natural Science	author	Immanuel Kant
The Odessa Tales	author	Isaac Babel
The Sacred Depths of Nature	author	Ursula W. Goodenough
The Fur	author	Nathan Hobby
Hop-Frog	author	Edgar Allan Poe
Arabian Nights and Days	author	Naguib Mahfouz
A Taste for Death	author	P. D. James
In Evil Hour	author	Gabriel García Márquez
Of Love and Other Demons	author	Gabriel García Márquez
Surviving the Applewhites	author	Stephanie S. Tolan
The Africa House	author	Christina Lamb
The Last Days	author	Scott Westerfeld
Sangokushi	author	Mitsuteru Yokoyama
North Amerikkkan Blues	author	Evan X Hyde
Dreamspeaker	author	Anne Cameron and Cam Hubert
Miracle at Philadelphia	author	Catherine Drinker Bowen
Undead and Unappreciated	author	MaryJanice Davidson
Undead and Unwed	author	MaryJanice Davidson
The Skeptic Encyclopedia of Pseudoscience	author	Michael Shermer
The Skeptic Encyclopedia of Pseudoscience	author	Pat Linse
A Cage of Butterflies	author	Brian Caswell
The Girl Next Door	author	Jack Ketchum
Don't Go Near the Water	author	William Brinkley
Death by Black Hole	author	Neil deGrasse Tyson
Pigeon Feathers and Other Stories	author	John Updike
This Law of Ours and Other Essays	author	Muhammad Asad
Ratking	author	Michael Dibdin
Vendetta	author	Michael Dibdin
Cabal	author	Michael Dibdin
Dead Lagoon	author	Michael Dibdin
Cosi Fan Tutti	author	Michael Dibdin
A Long Finish	author	Michael Dibdin
Blood Rain	author	Michael Dibdin
And Then You Die	author	Michael Dibdin
Medusa	author	Michael Dibdin
Back to Bologna	author	Michael Dibdin
The Tale of Timmy Tiptoes	author	Beatrix Potter
Salaryman Kintarō	author	Hiroshi Motomiya
Mister Tinker in Oz	author	James Howe
Vision Quest	author	Terry Davis
The Boo	author	Pat Conroy
Milkweed	author	Jerry Spinelli
Ray Lynch Anthology	author	Ray Lynch
The God Beneath the Sea	author	Leon Garfield
The God Beneath the Sea	author	Edward Blishen
Year of Wonders	author	Geraldine Brooks
Tainaron	author	Leena Krohn
The Story of a Fierce Bad Rabbit	author	Beatrix Potter
Gay.com	author	PlanetOut Inc.
The O'Reilly Factor for Kids	author	Bill O'Reilly
Beasts	author	Joyce Carol Oates
If Rock & Roll Were a Machine	author	Terry Davis
Short-Tempered Melancholic	author	Arina Tanemura
Party Going	author	Henry Green
Mainichi Kaasan	author	Rieko Saibara
Break No Bones	author	Kathy Reichs
The Betrayal of Bindy Mackenzie	author	Jaclyn Moriarty
Blackwater: The Rise of the World's Most Powerful Mercenary Army	author	Jeremy Scahill
Attentatet i Pålsjö skog	author	Hans Alfredson
The Hammer of Eden	author	Ken Follett
The Ultimate Resource	author	Julian Lincoln Simon
Vicky Angel	author	Jacqueline Wilson
Clean Break	author	Jacqueline Wilson
Double Act	author	Jacqueline Wilson
The Last September	author	Elizabeth Bowen
The Bed and Breakfast Star	author	Jacqueline Wilson
Cecily Parsley's Nursery Rhymes	author	Beatrix Potter
Appley Dapply's Nursery Rhymes	author	Beatrix Potter
The Magic School Bus In the Time of the Dinosaurs	author	Joanna Cole
A New Life	author	Bernard Malamud
Extras	author	Scott Westerfeld
The Fabric of Reality	author	David Deutsch
Bus Gamer	author	Kazuya Minekura
Cathy's Book	author	Sean Stewart and  Jordan Weisman
AfterEllen.com and TheBacklot.com	author	Sarah Warn
Pukupuku Natural Circular Notice	author	Sayuri Tatsuyama
Elsewhere	author	Gabrielle Zevin
The Six Sacred Stones	author	Matthew Reilly
The Bachelors	author	Muriel Spark
The Harper Hall Trilogy	author	Anne McCaffrey
Indulekha	author	Oyyarathu Chandu Menon
1824: The Arkansas War	author	Eric Flint
Infernal Devices	author	K. W. Jeter
The Playmaker	author	Thomas Keneally
Break Shot	author	Takeshi Maekawa
Planet Simpson	author	Chris Turner
The Pirates of Pompeii	author	Caroline Lawrence
Past Present	author	Clannad
Cien Sonetos de Amor	author	Pablo Neruda
The Jupiter Theft	author	Donald Moffitt
Spell Wars	author	Katherine Roberts
Garden of the Purple Dragon	author	Carole Wilkinson
The Scramble for Africa	author	Thomas Pakenham
A Breed of Heroes	author	Alan Judd
Disciplined Minds	author	Jeff Schmidt, author
Honey Bitter	author	Miho Obana
City on Fire	author	Walter Jon Williams
Beowulf and the Critics	author	J. R. R. Tolkien
Strike Witches	author	Yoshiyuki Kazumi
Strike Witches	author	Noboru Yamaguchi
Strike Witches	author	Yuki Tanaka
Strike Witches	author	Hidehisa Nanbō
Strike Witches	author	Kyōgoku Shin
Strike Witches	author	Projekt Kagonish
Strike Witches	author	Humikane Shimada
Strike Witches	author	Takeshi Nogami
Strike Witches	author	Takaaki Suzuki
The Book of Fantasy	author	Anthology. Edited by Jorge Luis Borges, Adolfo Bioy Casares, and Silvina Ocampo
Tarzan: The Lost Adventure	author	Edgar Rice Burroughs and Joe R. Lansdale
World of Warcraft: Tides of Darkness	author	Aaron S. Rosenberg
Tarzan and the Tarzan Twins	author	Edgar Rice Burroughs
Sola	author	Naoki Hisaya
Investigations of a Dog	author	Franz Kafka
Who Put That Hair in My Toothbrush%3F	author	Jerry Spinelli
The Dark Arena	author	Mario Puzo
Black Fox of Lorne	author	Marguerite de Angeli
Long Way Down	author	Ewan McGregor and Charley Boorman
Fire, Bed, and Bone	author	Henrietta Branford
The Battle of Evernight	author	Cecilia Dart-Thornton
Gods and Pawns	author	Kage Baker
Oi! Ryoma	author	Tetsuya Takeda
River of Gods	author	Ian McDonald
Empty Cities of the Full Moon	author	Howard V. Hendrix
Tom Clancy's Op-Center	author	Jeff Rovin
Overcoming Autism	author	Claire Scovell LaZebnik and Lynn Koegel
Duty and Desire	author	Pamela Aidan
Kundalatha	author	Appu Nedungadi
Sarada	author	O. Chandhu Menon
Sharpe's Honour	author	Bernard Cornwell
The Weather Makers	author	Tim Flannery
Hideyuki Kikuchi's Vampire Hunter D	author	Hideyuki Kikuchi
Morella	author	Edgar Allan Poe
Floodland	author	Marcus Sedgwick
Our Crowd	author	Stephen Birmingham
The Wolf Leader	author	Alexandre Dumas, père
Enemy Coast Ahead	author	Guy Gibson
The Story about Ping	author	Marjorie Flack
A Predicament	author	Edgar Allan Poe
Hothouse	author	Brian Aldiss
Divided Kingdom	author	Rupert Thomson
Dubin's Lives	author	Bernard Malamud
Making Comics	author	Scott McCloud
The Art of Fiction	author	David Lodge
20th Century Ghosts	author	Joe Hill
Wild Fermentation	author	Sandor Katz
A Cold Case	author	Philip Gourevitch
The Scandal of Scientology	author	Paulette Cooper
The Counterlife	author	Philip Roth
Murder in the Cassava Patch	author	Bai T. Moore
S · A: Special A	author	Maki Minami
Lost City Radio	author	Daniel Alarcón
Tom Clancy's Op-Center: Mirror Image	author	Jeff Rovin
Hölderlin's Hymn %22The Ister%22	author	Martin Heidegger
A Murder in Virginia	author	Suzanne Lebsock
Technics and Time, 1	author	Bernard Stiegler
Three Times Carlin	author	George Carlin
The Looking-Glass	author	William March
Summer Crossing	author	Truman Capote
A Good Clean Fight	author	Derek Robinson
Trial Balance: The Collected Short Stories of William March	author	William March
Yonie Wondernose	author	Marguerite de Angeli
Picnic, Lightning	author	Billy Collins
The Imp of the Perverse	author	Edgar Allan Poe
The Turbulent Term of Tyke Tiler	author	Gene Kemp
Science Verse	author	Jon Scieszka
Science Verse	author	Lane Smith
Math Curse	author	Jon Scieszka
Math Curse	author	Lane Smith
John, Paul, George, and Ben	author	Lane Smith
1634: The Bavarian Crisis	author	Virginia DeMarce and
1634: The Bavarian Crisis	author	Eric Flint
Breitbart News	author	Andrew Breitbart
The Black Corsair	author	Emilio Salgari
Woman's Evolution	author	Evelyn Reed
The Dinosaur Heresies	author	Robert T. Bakker
Fortune's Rocks	author	Anita Shreve
Guerrilla Warfare	author	Che Guevara
Wyvernhail	author	Amelia Atwater-Rhodes
On Directing Film	author	David Mamet
Dancing in the Streets	author	Barbara Ehrenreich
To Be a Slave	author	Julius Lester
Sea Glass	author	Anita Shreve
Boston Jane	author	Jennifer L. Holm
Sleeping in Flame	author	Jonathan Carroll
Last Inning	author	Ryu Kamio
The Dust of Death	author	Isaac Asimov
Montana 1948	author	Larry Watson
Itazura na Kiss	author	Kaoru Tada
Dream of Fair to Middling Women	author	Samuel Beckett
A Little Green Book of Monster Stories	author	Joe R. Lansdale
Town of Evening Calm, Country of Cherry Blossoms	author	Fumiyo Kōno
Town of Evening Calm, Country of Cherry Blossoms	author	Kei Kunii
Kitchen Princess	author	Miyuki Kobayashi
Kitchen Princess	author	Miyuki Kobayashi
Cruel Shoes	author	Steve Martin
Swords of Mars	author	Edgar Rice Burroughs
The Future of Socialism	author	Anthony Crosland
The Hunter's Moon	author	O. R. Melling
Star Wars Episode I Journal: Anakin Skywalker	author	Todd Strasser
Star Wars Episode I Journal: Darth Maul	author	Jude Watson
Star Wars Journal: Captive to Evil	author	Jude Watson
Star Wars Journal: Hero for Hire	author	Donna Tauscher
Akumetsu	author	Yoshiaki Tabata
Star Wars Journal: The Fight for Justice	author	John Peel
The Secret in the Old Lace	author	Carolyn Keene
The Greek Symbol Mystery	author	Carolyn Keene
The Swami's Ring	author	Carolyn Keene
The Kachina Doll Mystery	author	Carolyn Keene
The Twin Dilemma	author	Carolyn Keene
Captive Witness	author	Carolyn Keene
The Case of the Rising Stars	author	Carolyn Keene
The Man Who Changed China	author	Robert Lawrence Kuhn
Food Lover's Companion	author	Sharon Tyler Herbst
Food Lover's Companion	author	and Ron Herbst
Lean Mean Thirteen	author	Janet Evanovich
The Dream of Rome	author	Boris Johnson
Red Equinox	author	Laurence James
The Digging Leviathan	author	James Blaylock
Hazed	author	Franklin W. Dixon
The Faith Healers	author	James Randi
A Long Fatal Love Chase	author	Louisa May Alcott
Life Before Life	author	Jim B. Tucker
Le Contrat de mariage	author	Honoré de Balzac
The Mask of Nostradamus	author	James Randi
The Truth About Uri Geller	author	James Randi
Bucharest Bible of 1688	author	collective work assumed by Constantin Brâncoveanu
The Freedom Writers Diary	author	The Freedom Writers with Erin Gruwell
A Melon for Ecstasy	author	John Fortune and John Wells
Flim-Flam!	author	James Randi
No Place Like Home	author	Mary Higgins Clark
One Virgin Too Many	author	Lindsey Davis
The Art of the Metaobject Protocol	author	Gregor Kiczales
The Art of the Metaobject Protocol	author	Jim des Rivieres
The Art of the Metaobject Protocol	author	Daniel G. Bobrow
Ode to a Banker	author	Lindsey Davis
The Accusers	author	Lindsey Davis
Scandal Takes a Holiday	author	Lindsey Davis
The World in the Evening	author	Christopher Isherwood
Lisp in Small Pieces	author	Christian Queinnec
Latitude Zero	author	Laurence James
Like the Flowing River	author	Paulo Coelho
Dark Carnival	author	Laurence James
A Talent for War	author	Jack McDevitt
Soul Rescue	author	Aya Kanno
Nosatsu Junkie	author	Ryōko Fukuyama
Pride of Carthage	author	David Anthony Durham
Gabriel's Story	author	David Anthony Durham
Walk Through Darkness	author	David Anthony Durham
Sarah	author	Orson Scott Card
Arte de la lengua mexicana	author	Joseph Augustin Aldama y Guevara
In Xanadu	author	William Dalrymple
Triage	author	Scott Anderson
Battle Tendency	author	Hirohiko Araki
Diamond Is Unbreakable	author	Hirohiko Araki
Stone Ocean	author	Hirohiko Araki
Vento Aureo	author	Hirohiko Araki
Phantom Blood	author	Hirohiko Araki
Stardust Crusaders	author	Hirohiko Araki
Steel Ball Run	author	Hirohiko Araki
Librsvg	author	Raph Levien
Tokyo Crazy Paradise	author	Yoshiki Nakamura
Ruth	author	Elizabeth Gaskell
Acacia: The War with the Mein	author	David Anthony Durham
Love-Berrish!	author	Nana Haruta
The School Story	author	Andrew Clements
The Fire Within	author	Chris D'Lacey
The Dissertation	author	R. M. Koster
The Rats	author	James Herbert
Halting State	author	Charles Stross
RDoc	author	Dave Thomas
The Firebrand	author	Debra A. Kemp
Planeswalker	author	Lynn Abbey
Bloodlines: The Story of Urza's Destiny	author	Loren L. Coleman
Exile to Hell	author	Isaac Asimov
2430 A.D.	author	Isaac Asimov
The Greatest Asset	author	Isaac Asimov
E	author	Matt Beaumont
Troubles	author	J. G. Farrell
Ugly Americans: The True Story of the Ivy League Cowboys Who Raided the Asian Markets for Millions	author	Ben Mezrich
The Tokaido Road	author	Lucia St. Clair Robson
Tesco.com	author	Tesco
The Twilight of Atheism	author	Alister McGrath
Once More, with Feeling	author	Victoria Coren and Charlie Skelton
Clouds Blur the Rainbow	author	Chip Berlet
Jane of Lantern Hill	author	Lucy Maud Montgomery
Wild Act	author	Rie Takada
Old Angel Midnight	author	Jack Kerouac
In His Image	author	James BeauSeigneur
Killing Floor	author	Lee Child
Birth of an Age	author	James BeauSeigneur
Acts of God	author	James BeauSeigneur
Die Trying	author	Lee Child
Caesar's Women	author	Colleen McCullough
Dexter in the Dark	author	Jeff Lindsay
Luke Skywalker and the Shadows of Mindor	author	Matthew Stover
Bambi's Children	author	Felix Salten
The System of Doctor Tarr and Professor Fether	author	Edgar Allan Poe
Dark Congress	author	Christopher Golden
Imperial China: 900–1800	author	F. W. Mote
My Life in France	author	Julia Child with Alex Prud'homme
Death in Cyprus	author	M. M. Kaye
Fool Moon	author	Jim Butcher
Boris: The Rise of Boris Johnson	author	Andrew Gimson
Havana Bay	author	Martin Cruz Smith
The Visitor	author	Lee Child
Echo Burning	author	Lee Child
Without Fail	author	Lee Child
Persuader	author	Lee Child
The Enemy	author	Lee Child
One Shot	author	Lee Child
The Hard Way	author	Lee Child
Bad Luck and Trouble	author	Lee Child
If You Liked School You'll Love Work	author	Irvine Welsh
Tripwire	author	Lee Child
Good Blonde & Others	author	Jack Kerouac
Scattered Poems	author	Jack Kerouac
TeX Live	author	TeX Users Group
The Measure of Our Days	author	Jerome Groopman
Anatomy of Hope	author	Jerome Groopman
Junjo Romantica: Pure Romance	author	Shungiku Nakamura
Patience and Sarah	author	Isabel Miller
Shinkyoku Sōkai Polyphonica	author	Ichirō Sakaki
Shinkyoku Sōkai Polyphonica	author	Junichi Ōsako
Shinkyoku Sōkai Polyphonica	author	Madoka Takadono
Shinkyoku Sōkai Polyphonica	author	Toshihiko Tsukiji
Shinkyoku Sōkai Polyphonica	author	Ocelot
Mastering the Universe	author	Roger Sweet
Mastering the Universe	author	David Wecker
The Man with the Golden Touch	author	Mór Jókai
The Complete Stories of Franz Kafka	author	Franz Kafka
Starry Nights	author	Shobha De
The Village Schoolmaster	author	Franz Kafka
The Prefect	author	Alastair Reynolds
World Without End	author	Ken Follett
The Hunter Gracchus	author	Franz Kafka
Biko	author	Donald Woods
Pot-Bouille	author	Émile Zola
Between Two Worlds	author	Upton Sinclair
Winged Pharaoh	author	Joan Grant
Lady Knight	author	Tamora Pierce
Dingo	author	Octave Mirbeau
Already Dead	author	Charlie Huston
The Tokyo Zodiac Murders	author	Soji Shimada
The Swarm	author	Frank Schätzing
Byzantium Endures	author	Michael Moorcock
The Collected Stories of Katherine Anne Porter	author	Katherine Anne Porter
End Time	author	G.A. Matiasz
Mr. Sampath – The Printer of Malgudi	author	R.K. Narayan
My Son the Fanatic	author	Hanif Kureishi
BBC Jam	author	BBC
Ganbare Genki	author	Yū Koyama
The League of Frightened Men	author	Rex Stout
The Hydrofoil Mystery	author	Eric Walters
Tamerlane and Other Poems	author	Edgar Allan Poe
The Rubber Band	author	Rex Stout
The Red Box	author	Rex Stout
Where There's a Will	author	Rex Stout
Killings	author	Andre Dubus
Black Orchids	author	Rex Stout
Too Many Women	author	Rex Stout
The Mighty Orinoco	author	Jules Verne
Hegemony and Socialist Strategy	author	Chantal Mouffe and Ernesto Laclau
Trouble in Triplicate	author	Rex Stout
The Three Questions	author	Leo Tolstoy
Midnight at the Well of Souls	author	Jack L. Chalker
Dark Prince	author	Christine Feehan
Kafka Americana	author	Jonathan Lethem
Kafka Americana	author	Carter Scholz
Camilla Dickinson	author	Madeleine L'Engle
And Both Were Young	author	Madeleine L'Engle
Day of the Hunters	author	Isaac Asimov
Contemplation	author	Franz Kafka
The Penal Colony: Stories and Short Pieces	author	Franz Kafka
The Great Wall of China	author	Franz Kafka
Parables and Paradoxes	author	Franz Kafka
Confessor	author	Terry Goodkind
Frankenstein's Aunt	author	Allan Rune Pettersson
Frankenstein's Aunt Returns	author	Allan Rune Pettersson
Quest for the Well of Souls	author	Jack L. Chalker
Exiles at the Well of Souls	author	Jack L. Chalker
Spring Fire	author	Vin Packer
The Lonely Londoners	author	Samuel Selvon
Red Nails	author	Robert E. Howard
Empress of the World	author	Sara Ryan
The People of the Black Circle	author	Robert E. Howard
Gimmicks Three	author	Isaac Asimov
The Message	author	Isaac Asimov
Down Under	author	Bill Bryson
They Marched Into Sunlight	author	David Maraniss
Love Among the Walnuts	author	Jean Ferris
Get a Life	author	Nadine Gordimer
Second Chance	author	Danielle Steel
The Raw Shark Texts	author	Steven Hall
Pimpernel and Rosemary	author	Baroness Orczy
The House on the Strand	author	Daphne Du Maurier
The Ugly Swans	author	Arkady and Boris Strugatsky
Something to Believe in: Is Kurt Vonnegut the Exorcist of Jesus Christ Superstar%3F	author	Robert L. Short
The Last Trump	author	Isaac Asimov
Dreaming Is a Private Thing	author	Isaac Asimov
Scientology: The Now Religion	author	George Malko
Rape Fantasies	author	Margaret Atwood
The Wonder That Was India	author	Arthur Llewellyn Basham
Thud Ridge	author	Jack Broughton
Middle Age: A Romance	author	Joyce Carol Oates
The Tower of Zanid	author	L. Sprague de Camp
Chill Factor	author	Laurence James
Hell-Fire	author	Isaac Asimov
Three Doors to Death	author	Rex Stout
Secrets of a Hollywood Super Madam	author	Jody Gibson
Overload	author	Arthur Hailey
To the Devil — a Diva!	author	Paul Magrs
Sex and Drugs and Sausage Rolls	author	Robert Rankin
Cults of Unreason	author	Christopher Evans
The Able McLaughlins	author	Margaret Wilson
Light	author	M. John Harrison
Good-bye, My Lady	author	James H. Street
The Emperor's Candlesticks	author	Baroness Orczy
A Son of the People	author	Baroness Orczy
The Nest of the Sparrowhawk	author	Baroness Orczy
The Arms of Krupp	author	William Manchester
Mr. Sammler's Planet	author	Saul Bellow
The Bronze Eagle	author	Baroness Orczy
The Broken Sword	author	Poul Anderson
Old Hungarian Fairy Tales	author	Baroness Orczy
Storm over Laos	author	Sisouk na Champassak
Fiasco	author	Thomas E. Ricks
Kiss of the Fur Queen	author	Tomson Highway
Religion Inc.	author	Stewart Lamont
Years of Grace	author	Margaret Ayer Barnes
Now in November	author	Josephine Johnson
Fablehaven	author	Brandon Mull
Omon Ra	author	Victor Pelevin
Silver Diamond	author	Shiho Sugiura
The Remaining Documents of Talaat Pasha	author	Murat Bardakçı
These Three Remain	author	Pamela Aidan
The Miracle of Forgiveness	author	Spencer W. Kimball
The Man That Was Used Up	author	Edgar Allan Poe
The Mirror of Simple Souls	author	Marguerite Porete
How to Disappear Completely and Never Be Found	author	Doug Richmond
Pollyanna Grows Up	author	Eleanor H. Porter
The Messenger	author	Markus Zusak
Calling You	author	Otsuichi
Woodsong	author	Gary Paulsen
Natasha and Other Stories	author	David Bezmozgis
Stanley Park	author	Timothy Taylor
Missing	author	Gakuto Coda
Curtains for Three	author	Rex Stout
Figments of Reality	author	Jack Cohen and Ian Stewart
Mars	author	Mark Wheatley
Mars	author	Marc Hempel
Moon Fate	author	Laurence James
Fury's Pilgrims	author	Laurence James
Shockscape	author	Laurence James
Cold Asylum	author	Laurence James
Deep Empire	author	Laurence James
Ekattorer Dingulee	author	Jahanara Imam
The Moon and the Sun	author	Vonda McIntyre
Made of Steel	author	Terrance Dicks
The Black Tattoo	author	Sam Enthoven
Twilight Children	author	Laurence James
Rider, Reaper	author	Laurence James
Limit of Vision	author	Linda Nagata
The Falling Woman	author	Pat Murphy
It's Not About the Bike	author	Lance Armstrong
It's Not About the Bike	author	Sally Jenkins
The Things They Left Behind	author	Stephen King
Murder by the Book	author	Rex Stout
Moonlight Mile	author	Yasuo Ōtagaki
The Continent Makers	author	L. Sprague de Camp
Triple Jeopardy	author	Rex Stout
The Pyramid	author	William Golding
Clonk Clonk	author	William Golding
Free Fall	author	William Golding
A City in Winter	author	Mark Helprin
The Financial Expert	author	R. K. Narayan
What the Buddha Taught	author	Walpola Rahula
The Big Front Yard	author	Clifford D. Simak
The Book of All Flesh	author	James Lowder
Wren's Quest	author	Sherwood Smith
Wren's War	author	Sherwood Smith
A Little Woman	author	Franz Kafka
Fly by Night	author	Frances Hardinge
Inda	author	Sherwood Smith
Complete Scoundrel	author	Mike McArtor and F. Wesley Schneider
The World of Tibetan Buddhism	author	Tenzin Gyatso, 14th Dalai Lama and Geshe Thupten Jinpa
The Dance of the Voodoo Handbag	author	Robert Rankin
The Way Station	author	Stephen King
Sisters ... No Way!	author	Siobhán Parkinson
Rumo and His Miraculous Adventures	author	Walter Moers
Proud Helios	author	Melissa Scott
Beyond the Deepwoods	author	Paul Stewart
Beyond the Deepwoods	author	Chris Riddell
Mallory's Oracle	author	Carol O'Connell
The Man Who Cast Two Shadows	author	Carol O'Connell
Killing Critics	author	Carol O'Connell
Road Wars	author	Laurence James
Opus 100	author	Isaac Asimov
Introducing Kafka	author	David Zane Mairowitz
Modern Times: A History of the World from the 1920s to the 1980s	author	Paul Johnson
The Heart of the Warrior	author	John Gregory Betancourt
Mercenary from Tomorrow	author	Mack Reynolds
Environmental Principles and Policies	author	Sharon Beder
In the Country of Men	author	Hisham Matar
The Metal Monster	author	Abraham Merritt
Divine Madness	author	Robert Muchamore
No Dominion	author	Charlie Huston
Sector 7	author	David Wiesner
The Science of Good and Evil	author	Michael Shermer
The Mysterious Benedict Society	author	Trenton Lee Stewart
The Draco Tavern	author	Larry Niven
The Fatal Eggs	author	Mikhail Bulgakov
The Painter of Signs	author	R. K. Narayan
Natsu e no Tobira	author	Keiko Takemiya
Radiant	author	James Alan Gardner
I May Be Wrong but I Doubt It	author	Charles Barkley
I May Be Wrong but I Doubt It	author	Michael Wilbon
Leven Thumps and the Eyes of the Want	author	Obert Skye
Leven Thumps and the Whispered Secret	author	Obert Skye
Beyond My Touch	author	Tomo Maeda
In the Ceiling the Stars Are Shining	author	Johanna Thydell
Rediscovering God in America	author	Newt Gingrich
The Moon Moth	author	Jack Vance
Here's Your Hat What's Your Hurry	author	Elizabeth McCracken
Good Natured	author	Frans de Waal
Talkative Man	author	R.K. Narayan
Letters to a Young Poet	author	Rainer Maria Rilke
Wooden Heart	author	Martin Day
IPKat	author	Jeremy Phillips, Ilanah Simon Fhima
Spring Fever	author	P. G. Wodehouse
When Smuts Goes	author	Arthur Keppel-Jones
Children of Tomorrow	author	A. E. van Vogt
David Golder	author	Irène Némirovsky
The Game	author	Diana Wynne Jones
Hyper Doll	author	Shimpei Itoh
The Fox	author	Sherwood Smith
Ttyl	author	Lauren Myracle
On the Eve	author	Ivan Turgenev
Japanese Society	author	Nakane Chie
The Rules of Survival	author	Nancy Werlin
The Mezzanine	author	Nicholson Baker
The Death of Sleep	author	Anne McCaffrey and
The Death of Sleep	author	Jody Lynn Nye
The Crown Snatchers	author	F. K. Waechter and Bernd Eilert
Darker than Black	author	Tensai Okamura
Darker than Black	author	Tensai Okamura
The Menace from Earth	author	Robert A. Heinlein
Where Once We Walked	author	Gary Mokotoff
Where Once We Walked	author	Sallyann Amdur Sack
Here Lies Arthur	author	Philip Reeve
Drunkard's Walk	author	Frederik Pohl
The New Class: An Analysis of the Communist System	author	Milovan Đilas
Beau Brocade	author	Baroness Orczy
Room 13	author	Robert Swindells
La 628-E8	author	Octave Mirbeau
The Blair Years	author	Alastair Campbell
Totem and Ore	author	B Wongar
American Born Chinese	author	Gene Yang
Path of the Assassin	author	Kazuo Koike
What Would Joey Do%3F	author	Jack Gantos
The World of Nagaraj	author	R. K. Narayan
The Poet	author	Michael Connelly
Peace and War	author	Joe Haldeman
Akihabara@Deep	author	Ira Ishida
Daisy Fay and the Miracle Man	author	Fannie Flagg
Romeo × Juliet	author	Reiko Yoshida
Claudine...!	author	Riyoko Ikeda
Almost a Revolution	author	Shen Tong with Marianne Yen
Saturnalia	author	Lindsey Davis
The Last Dodo	author	Jacqueline Rayner
Armadale	author	Wilkie Collins
Tam Lin	author	Pamela Dean
Sting of the Zygons	author	Stephen Cole
Maria Bonita	author	Afrânio Peixoto
Fear and Loathing in America	author	Hunter S. Thompson
Three Men Out	author	Rex Stout
The Harlequin	author	Laurell K. Hamilton
Three Witnesses	author	Rex Stout
My Summer of Love	author	Helen Cross
Death Sentence	author	Brian Garfield
The Reformation: A History	author	Diarmaid MacCulloch
The Rose of Tibet	author	Lionel Davidson
A Long Way to Shiloh	author	Lionel Davidson
Kolymsky Heights	author	Lionel Davidson
Master of the Five Magics	author	Lyndon Hardy
The Interpretation of Murder	author	Jed Rubenfeld
Aggressor Six	author	Wil McCarthy
The Sun Chemist	author	Lionel Davidson
The Chelsea Murders	author	Lionel Davidson
The Dice Spelled Murder	author	Al Fray
The Shadows, Kith and Kin	author	Joe R. Lansdale
Framing the Early Middle Ages	author	Christopher Wickham
Hi5	author	Ramu Yalamanchi
Revelation	author	Karen Traviss
A Moment of War	author	Laurie Lee
If Death Ever Slept	author	Rex Stout
And Four to Go	author	Rex Stout
Tales of the Grotesque and Arabesque	author	Edgar Allan Poe
An Encyclopedia of Claims, Frauds, and Hoaxes of the Occult and Supernatural	author	James Randi and foreword by Arthur C. Clarke
The Young Magicians	author	edited by  Lin Carter
New Worlds for Old	author	edited by  Lin Carter
Golden Cities, Far	author	edited by  Lin Carter
Emphyrio	author	Jack Vance
The Cult of the Amateur	author	Andrew Keen
Second Thoughts	author	Shobha De
Grimus	author	Salman Rushdie
The Message of The Qur'an	author	Muhammad Asad
Krautrocksampler	author	Julian Cope
Midaq Alley	author	Naguib Mahfouz
The Moneychangers	author	Arthur Hailey
The Spawn of Cthulhu	author	edited by  Lin Carter
God Sees the Truth, But Waits	author	Leo Tolstoy
A Floating City	author	Jules Verne
A Stitch in Time	author	Andrew Robinson
Never Call Retreat: Lee and Grant: The Final Victory	author	Newt Gingrich
Never Call Retreat: Lee and Grant: The Final Victory	author	William R. Forstchen
Never Call Retreat: Lee and Grant: The Final Victory	author	Albert S. Hanser
Propeller Island	author	Jules Verne
The Little Island	author	Margaret Wise Brown, Golden MacDonald, pseud.
Discoveries in Fantasy	author	edited by Lin Carter
Great Short Novels of Adult Fantasy I	author	edited by  Lin Carter
Great Short Novels of Adult Fantasy Volume II	author	edited by  Lin Carter
Am I a Hindu%3F	author	Ed Viswanathan
Nātyakalpadrumam	author	Māni Mādhava Chākyār
The Last Defender of Camelot	author	Roger Zelazny
The Satanic Scriptures	author	Peter H. Gilmore
The Last Defender of Camelot	author	Roger Zelazny
The Climb	author	Anatoli Boukreev
The Climb	author	G. Weston DeWalt
Here Be Monsters!	author	Alan Snow
Born Free and Equal	author	Ansel Adams
Sometimes a Great Notion	author	Ken Kesey
Envoy Extraordinary	author	William Golding
Murikuri	author	Clamp
The King's Last Song	author	Geoff Ryman
Restless	author	William Boyd
An Abundance of Katherines	author	John Green
Full Tilt	author	Neal Shusterman
Pixie Pop	author	Ema Toyama
Old Souls	author	Tom Shroder
Then We Came to the End	author	Joshua Ferris
Days of Ziklag	author	S. Yizhar
Z Mazinger	author	Go Nagai
Needle	author	Hal Clement
Demon's Delight	author	MaryJanice Davidson
Demon's Delight	author	Emma Holly
Demon's Delight	author	Vickie Taylor
Demon's Delight	author	Catherine Spangler
Missionaries in India	author	Arun Shourie
The Strategy Paradox	author	Michael E. Raynor
The Vengeance of Rome	author	Michael Moorcock
Jerusalem Commands	author	Michael Moorcock
The It Girl	author	Created by Cecily von Ziegesar
Mimsy Were the Borogoves	author	Lewis Padgett
The Ghost Brigades	author	John Scalzi
Pyu to Fuku! Jaguar	author	Kyosuke Usuta
The Prairie	author	James Fenimore Cooper
Complete Champion	author	Ed Stark, Chris Thomasson, Rhiannon Louve, Ari Marmell, and Gary Astleford
Kingdoms of Sorcery	author	edited by  Lin Carter
Baccano!	author	Ryōgo Narita
New Selected Poems 1966–1987	author	Seamus Heaney
The Journal of Julius Rodman	author	Edgar Allan Poe
Requiem for the Conqueror	author	W. Michael Gear
Invisible Republic	author	Greil Marcus
How to Lose Friends & Alienate People	author	Toby Young
Orion Shall Rise	author	Poul Anderson
The Fool of the World and the Flying Ship	author	Arthur Ransome
The Door in the Lake	author	Nancy Butts
Naming and Necessity	author	Saul A. Kripke
Hemkosh	author	Hemchandra Barua
Rules	author	Cynthia Lord
The Golden Key	author	Melanie Rawn
The Golden Key	author	Jennifer Roberson
The Golden Key	author	Kate Elliott
The Fall	author	Robert Muchamore
Dawn of Time	author	Various
Strange Gifts	author	Edited by Robert Silverberg
Golden Buddha	author	Clive Cussler
Golden Buddha	author	Craig Dirgo
The Golden Goblet	author	Eloise McGraw
Empire of Ivory	author	Naomi Novik
The Cosmology of Bing	author	Mitch Cullin
UnderSurface	author	Mitch Cullin
From the Place in the Valley Deep in the Forest	author	Mitch Cullin
The Inevitability of Patriarchy	author	Steven Goldberg
What Is This Thing Called Science%3F	author	Alan Chalmers
The Language of God	author	Francis Collins
To Love-Ru	author	Saki Hasemi
To Love-Ru	author	Saki Hasemi
The Astronauts	author	Stanisław Lem
The Moneypenny Diaries: Final Fling	author	Samantha Weinberg
The Moneypenny Diaries: Final Fling	author	as \
The Eye of the Heron	author	Ursula K. Le Guin
Pink Box: Inside Japan's Sex Clubs	author	Joan Sinclair
Heart-Shaped Box	author	Joe Hill
And Kill Once More	author	Al Fray
The Billion-Dollar Molecule	author	Barry Werth
Moribito: Guardian of the Spirit	author	Nahoko Uehashi
The Stories of English	author	David Crystal
IQ and Global Inequality	author	Richard Lynn
IQ and Global Inequality	author	Tatu Vanhanen
The Master Butchers Singing Club	author	Louise Erdrich
Eleven Kinds of Loneliness	author	Richard Yates
Spirit of Wonder	author	Kenji Tsuruta
Spirit of the Border	author	Zane Grey
Plot It Yourself	author	Rex Stout
Three at Wolfe's Door	author	Rex Stout
T.E. Lawrence	author	Tomoko Kosaka
Too Many Clients	author	Rex Stout
Better Angels	author	Howard V. Hendrix
The Labyrinth Key	author	Howard V. Hendrix
Moon	author	Midori Tateyama
Shiloh	author	Shelby Foote
The Pesticide Question	author	David Pimentel, Hugh Lehman
K-PAX IV: A New Visitor from the Constellation Lyra	author	Gene Brewer
Neverwhere	author	Neil Gaiman
Glasses	author	Lane Smith
The Big Pets	author	Lane Smith
Paula	author	Isabel Allende
Baloney	author	Jon Scieszka
Baloney	author	Lane Smith
Seen Art%3F	author	Jon Scieszka
Seen Art%3F	author	Lane Smith
Squids Will Be Squids	author	Jon Scieszka
Squids Will Be Squids	author	Lane Smith
Guys Write for Guys Read	author	Jon Scieszka
The Janitor's Boy	author	Andrew Clements
Room One	author	Andrew Clements
Things Hoped For	author	Andrew Clements
Don't Let the Pigeon Drive the Bus!	author	Mo Willems
Leonardo, the Terrible Monster	author	Mo Willems
Knuffle Bunny	author	Mo Willems
Lucas	author	Kevin Brooks
My-HiME	author	Noboru Kimura
Millennial Women	author	Edited by Virginia Kidd
A Week in the Woods	author	Andrew Clements
Native Tongue	author	Suzette Haden Elgin
The Irish Famine	author	Colm Tóibín and Diarmaid Ferriter
Men Against the Sea	author	Charles Nordhoff and James Norman Hall
Tail of the Moon	author	Rinko Ueda
The Next Fifty Years	author	John Brockman
Hondo & Fabian	author	Peter McCarty
Fabian Escapes	author	Peter McCarty
Sixty Days and Counting	author	Kim Stanley Robinson
Yanoama	author	Ettore Biocca, Helena Valero
IA-32 Execution Layer	author	Intel Corporation
Chocolates on the Pillow Aren't Enough	author	Jonathan M. Tisch with Karl Weber
The Scarlet Gang of Asakusa	author	Yasunari Kawabata
Earth Made of Glass	author	John Barnes
Confessions of a Teenage Drama Queen	author	Dyan Sheldon
Notorious	author	Unknown ghost writer for Cecily von Ziegesar
Reckless	author	Created by Cecily von Ziegesar
Unforgettable	author	Unknown ghost writer for Cecily von Ziegesar
Dogs	author	Shirow Miwa
Dogs	author	Shirow Miwa
The Emperor's Snuff-Box	author	John Dickson Carr
Keeping Faith	author	Jodi Picoult
The Road of the Dead	author	Kevin Brooks
Alpha 9	author	Edited by Robert Silverberg
The Favourite Game	author	Leonard Cohen
Oakleaf Bearers	author	John Flanagan
Eloise	author	Kay Thompson
A History of Money and Banking in the United States	author	Murray Rothbard
On the Edge: Political Cults Right and Left	author	Dennis Tourish
On the Edge: Political Cults Right and Left	author	Tim Wohlforth
The Princess Diaries	author	Meg Cabot
The Death of Economics	author	Paul Ormerod
Eye Against Eye	author	Forrest Gander
Tom Cruise: Unauthorized	author	Wensley Clarkson
Onet.pl	author	Oddział Internet
Short Trips: Destination Prague	author	Steven Savile
Short Trips: Snapshots	author	Joseph Lidster
Come Back for More	author	Al Fray
Clockwork	author	Philip Pullman
The Merchants of Souls	author	John Barnes
The Armchair Economist	author	Steven Landsburg
Jeffrey and Sloth	author	Kari-Lynn Winters
A Blank in the Weather Map	author	Kunio Yanagida
The Alexandria Link	author	Steve Berry
The Gospel According to Judas	author	Jeffrey Archer and Frank Moloney
Matrka: Voices Within	author	Bombay Jayashri & T.M. Krishna, with Mythili Chandrasekar
Thomas and Beulah	author	Rita Dove
Feminist Theory: From Margin to Center	author	Bell hooks
American Knees	author	Shawn Wong
The Mathematics of Magic: The Enchanter Stories of L. Sprague de Camp and Fletcher Pratt	author	L. Sprague de Camp and Fletcher Pratt
The Fur Country	author	Jules Verne
Veracity	author	Mark Lavorato
No Bra	author	Kenjiro Kawatsu
Seeker	author	William Nicholson
Little Book of Common Sense Investing	author	John C. Bogle
The Women's Room	author	Marilyn French
History of Joseph Smith by His Mother	author	Lucy Mack Smith
Game Design Workshop	author	Tracy Fullerton
Western Union Boy	author	Nathanael West
The Chinese Way	author	Min Ding
The Chinese Way	author	Jie Xu
Adding a Dimension	author	Isaac Asimov
Under the Mat	author	Diana Hart
Under the Mat	author	Kirstie McLellan
Under the Mat	author	Foreword
Under the Mat	author	Stu Hart
Oblivion: Stories	author	David Foster Wallace
The Last Precinct	author	Patricia Cornwell
Dr. Identity	author	D. Harlan Wilson
Attitude: The New Subversive Cartoonists	author	Ted Rall
Enduring Love	author	Ian McEwan
The Assassins of Rome	author	Caroline Lawrence
The Metaphysical Club: A Story of Ideas in America	author	Louis Menand
The Wild	author	Whitley Strieber
Kilala Princess	author	Rika Tanaka
No Retreat, No Surrender: One American's Fight	author	Tom DeLay and Stephen Mansfield
Five Go to Smuggler's Top	author	Enid Blyton
Five Run Away Together	author	Enid Blyton
Five Go Off in a Caravan	author	Enid Blyton
Five Go Adventuring Again	author	Enid Blyton
The Just and the Unjust	author	James Gould Cozzens
The Town	author	William Faulkner
Authbind	author	Ian Jackson
Transformers: Ghosts of Yesterday	author	Alan Dean Foster
Stalin's Ghost	author	Martin Cruz Smith
Material Puzzle	author	Masahiro Totsuka
A Man	author	Oriana Fallaci
Microsoft Sort	author	Microsoft
Denkoroku	author	Keizan
Ethics and Language	author	C. L. Stevenson
Winter in the Blood	author	James Welch
Stone	author	Adam Roberts
Jacky Daydream	author	Jacqueline Wilson
Wild Law	author	Cormac Cullinan
Consumerist	author	Nick Denton
Consumerist	author	Joel Johnson
The Venom Business	author	Michael Crichton
The Cat Who Went Underground	author	Lilian Jackson Braun
Dry	author	Augusten Burroughs
Damious McDreary: A Boy and His Bat	author	William Dean Martin
Extensa	author	Jacek Dukaj
The Gravedigger's Daughter	author	Joyce Carol Oates
Leadership Secrets of the Rogue Warrior	author	Dick Marcinko and John Weisman
The Museum of Dr. Moses	author	Joyce Carol Oates
The Crow	author	Alison Croggon
To My Daughter with Love on the Important Things in Life	author	Susan Polis Schutz
The Man Who Loved Cat Dancing	author	Marilyn Durham
The Cat Who Saw Red	author	Lilian Jackson Braun
Is It Just Me or Is Everything Shit%3F: Volume Two	author	Steve Lowe
Is It Just Me or Is Everything Shit%3F: Volume Two	author	Alan McArthur
The First Four Years	author	Laura Ingalls Wilder
The Fairy Caravan	author	Beatrix Potter
The Tale of Pigling Bland	author	Beatrix Potter
Acts of Faith	author	Rajiva Wijesinha
Démolir Nisard	author	Eric Chevillard
Stanford Wong Flunks Big-Time	author	Lisa Yee
Shadow Game	author	Christine Feehan
The Treasure in the Royal Tower	author	Carolyn Keene
Mirrorshades	author	Bruce Sterling
I Am a Strange Loop	author	Douglas Hofstadter
A Slight Trick of the Mind	author	Mitch Cullin
My Glorious Brothers	author	Howard Fast
Burning Bright	author	John Steinbeck
Hullabaloo in the Guava Orchard	author	Kiran Desai
The Science of Success	author	Charles Koch
More Than Earthlings	author	James B. Irwin
Blood, Sweat & Tea	author	Tom Reynolds
The Woven Path	author	Robin Jarvis
The Bride Wore Black	author	Cornell Woolrich
Cue for Treason	author	Geoffrey Trease
Chéri	author	Colette
Mr Norris Changes Trains	author	Christopher Isherwood
Only a Trillion	author	Isaac Asimov
The Singapore Grip	author	J. G. Farrell
Days of Despair	author	Rajiva Wijesinha
Electra	author	Rajiva Wijesinha
The Fighting Ground	author	Avi
Sci-Fi Harry	author	Jôji Iida
Man's Best Friend	author	Kazusa Takashima
Wikia Search	author	Jimmy Wales
The Hive	author	Camilo José Cela
Big Windup!	author	Asa Higuchi
The Act of Marriage	author	Tim and Beverly LaHaye
Bye-Bye	author	Jane Ransom
Eve's Diary	author	Mark Twain
Philip Dru: Administrator	author	Edward M. House
Candle	author	John Barnes
Dennō Coil	author	Mitsuo Iso
The Last Day of Creation	author	Wolfgang Jeschke
The Coldest Winter Ever	author	Sister Souljah
The Barn Owl's Wondrous Capers	author	Sarnath Banerjee
Red, White and Blue Paradise	author	Herbert and Mary Knapp
Sacred Stone	author	Clive Cussler and Craig Dirgo
Serpent	author	Clive Cussler, with Paul Kemprecos
Fire Ice	author	Clive Cussler, with Paul Kemprecos
Polar Shift	author	Clive Cussler, with Paul Kemprecos
White Death	author	Clive Cussler, with Paul Kemprecos
Blue Gold	author	Clive Cussler, with Paul Kemprecos
Dreaming in Code	author	Scott Rosenberg
Downsiders	author	Neal Shusterman
The New American Story	author	Bill Bradley
The Treasure of Alpheus Winterborn	author	John Bellairs
The Dark Secret of Weatherend	author	John Bellairs
Bond Girls Are Forever	author	John Cork
Bond Girls Are Forever	author	Maryam d'Abo
Ratha's Creature	author	Clare Bell
Running on Empty	author	Franklin W. Dixon
Muhyo & Roji's Bureau of Supernatural Investigation	author	Yoshiyuki Nishi
Dark Desire	author	Christine Feehan
Queen of the Elephants	author	Mark Shand
Sadako and the Thousand Paper Cranes	author	Eleanor Coerr
The Day of the Bomb	author	Karl Bruckner
The Naughtiest Girl is a Monitor	author	Enid Blyton
Under Fire	author	Henri Barbusse
Gallows View	author	Peter Robinson
The Lamp from the Warlock's Tomb	author	John Bellairs
Water for Elephants	author	Sara Gruen
PoliticalBetting.com	author	Mike Smithson
A Writer's Diary	author	Fyodor Dostoyevsky
Chart Throb	author	Ben Elton
Built for Trouble	author	Al Fray
Cinema 1: The Movement Image	author	Gilles Deleuze
Mind Transfer	author	Janet Asimov
A Guide to the Scientific Knowledge of Things Familiar	author	Ebenezer Cobham Brewer
Shattered Visage	author	Dean Motter and Mark Askwith
Babylon 5: Final Reckoning – The Fate of Bester	author	J. Gregory Keyes
Conjuring	author	James Randi
Critical Mass	author	Frederik Pohl and Cyril M. Kornbluth
Ciudades Desiertas	author	José Agustín
Yahoo! Podcasts	author	Yahoo!
The Sartorialist	author	Scott Schuman
The Watery Place	author	Isaac Asimov
Shadows on the Rock	author	Willa Cather
New Worlds for Old	author	H. G. Wells
Kaibutsu-kun	author	Fujiko Fujio
A Thousand Splendid Suns	author	Khaled Hosseini
Dans le ciel	author	Octave Mirbeau
The Northern Light	author	A. J. Cronin
Welcome to Our Hillbrow	author	Phaswane Mpe
Ways of Dying	author	Zakes Mda
Howl of the Werewolf	author	Jonathan Green
Daemon	author	Daniel Suarez
John Dough and the Cherub	author	L. Frank Baum
Human Universals	author	Donald Brown
The Spook's Battle	author	Joseph Delaney
The Night Buffalo	author	Guillermo Arriaga
So Totally Emily Ebers	author	Lisa Yee
Tōka Gettan	author	Aguri Soragata
A Song for Summer	author	Eva Ibbotson
Without Seeing the Dawn	author	Stevan Javellana
Skin	author	Ted Dekker
Wild Adapter	author	Kazuya Minekura
Boston.com	author	The Boston Globe
Dover Beach	author	Richard Bowker
God's Spy	author	Juan Gómez-Jurado
Villains by Necessity	author	Eve Forward
Trouble and Her Friends	author	Melissa Scott
The Goalie's Anxiety at the Penalty Kick	author	Peter Handke
Paingod and Other Delusions	author	Harlan Ellison
An Autobiography	author	Jawaharlal Nehru
The House of the Sleeping Beauties	author	Yasunari Kawabata
Niagara Falls, or Does It%3F	author	Henry Winkler and Lin Oliver
X-Men: Dark Mirror	author	Marjorie M. Liu
Silver Screen	author	Justina Robson
1+2=Paradise	author	Sumiko Kamimura
Shadow of Suribachi	author	Parker Bishop Albee, Jr.
Shadow of Suribachi	author	Keller Cushing Freeman
Magic Item Compendium	author	Andy Collins with Eytan Bernstein, Frank Brunner, Owen K.C. Stephens, and John Snead
Dragons, Elves, and Heroes	author	edited by  Lin Carter
Patent Pending	author	Arthur C. Clarke
Nginx	author	Igor Sysoev
Dragon Moon	author	Carole Wilkinson
Usagi-chan de Cue!!	author	Takashi Sano
Candide, Part II	author	perhaps Thorel de Campigneulles or Henri Joseph Du Laurens
The Spell	author	Alan Hollinghurst
The Portable Star	author	Isaac Asimov
Tribes	author	Arthur Slade
The Armies of Memory	author	John Barnes
The Poem of the Man-God	author	Maria Valtorta
Heroic Age	author	Tow Ubukata
Blue Hole	author	Yukinobu Hoshino
OL Shinkaron	author	Akizuki Risu
The Story of the Treasure Seekers	author	Edith Nesbit
The Dame's the Game	author	Al Fray
Steps to Christ	author	Ellen G. White
Princess Resurrection	author	Yasunori Mitsunaga
Pennterra	author	Judith Moffett
Tokyo Red Hood	author	Benkyo Tamaoki
Big Al	author	Andrew Clements
Lair of the Lion	author	Christine Feehan
Nasu	author	Iou Kuroda
Oracle VM Server for SPARC	author	Sun Microsystems
The Dark Beyond the Stars	author	Frank M. Robinson
Christmas on Ganymede	author	Isaac Asimov
Twelve Years a Slave	author	Solomon Northup
The Road to Jerusalem	author	Jan Guillou
The Kingdom at the End of the Road	author	Jan Guillou
The Knight Templar	author	Jan Guillou
The Magic of Thinking Big	author	David J. Schwartz
Moonheart	author	Charles de Lint
The Day of the Djinn Warriors	author	Philip Kerr
The Bad Book	author	Andy Griffiths
Time Pussy	author	Isaac Asimov
Babylon by Bus	author	Ray Lemoine, Jeff Neumann
Willakuy	author	Grinfeder.htm
100,000,000 Guinea Pigs	author	Arthur Kallet and Frederick J. Schlink
I Got a %22D%22 in Salami	author	Henry Winkler and Lin Oliver
Sisters of Isis	author	Lynne Ewing
Lucy	author	Jamaica Kincaid
All About Love: New Visions	author	Bell hooks
The Grouchy Ladybug	author	Eric Carle
Over the Edge	author	Greg Child
Sofia Petrovna	author	Lydia Chukovskaya
Grave Peril	author	Jim Butcher
For the Birds	author	Isaac Asimov
Bomba, the Jungle Boy	author	Roy Rockwood
The Magic of Krynn	author	Margaret Weis and Tracy Hickman
Kender, Gully Dwarves, and Gnomes	author	Margaret Weis and Tracy Hickman
The Grotesque	author	Patrick McGrath
CrystalPlayer	author	Kim Bondarenko
Still, the Scraps of Prison	author	Amir-Abbas Fakhravar
Boxy an Star	author	Daren King
A Woman in Amber	author	Agate Nesaule
She and Allan	author	H. Rider Haggard
The Winnowing	author	Isaac Asimov
The A-List	author	Katty loop
Ends	author	Gordon R. Dickson
Every Inch a King	author	Harry Turtledove
Music on the Bamboo Radio	author	Martin Booth
The Gray Prince	author	Jack Vance
Yarrow	author	Charles de Lint
Election	author	Tom Perrotta
Hrolf Kraki's Saga	author	Poul Anderson
The Gentlemen's Alliance Cross	author	Arina Tanemura
Writing FAST	author	Jeff Bollow
Croatian Encyclopedia	author	Dalibor Brozović, Tomislav Ladan et al.
To Sir, With Love	author	E. R. Braithwaite
The Ascent of Rum Doodle	author	W. E. Bowman
Hood	author	Emma Donoghue
Curious George Flies a Kite	author	H. A. Rey
Curious George Flies a Kite	author	Margret Rey
What Is Your Dangerous Idea%3F	author	John Brockman
The Queen of Air and Darkness	author	T. H. White
Dreamside	author	Graham Joyce
Old-fashioned	author	Isaac Asimov
Mobile Suit Gundam: Lost War Chronicles	author	Tomohiro Chiba
Mobile Suit Gundam: Lost War Chronicles	author	Namco Bandai Games
Nineteen Minutes	author	Jodi Picoult
GOOG-411	author	Google
The Cat Who Played Brahms	author	Lilian Jackson Braun
Genocyber	author	Tony Takezaki
CleVR	author	
The Squire, His Knight, and His Lady	author	Gerald Morris
Wolf Moon	author	Charles de Lint
The Harlan Ellison Hornbook	author	Harlan Ellison
No Name	author	Wilkie Collins
The Double Tongue	author	William Golding
Marching In	author	Isaac Asimov
Marazan	author	Nevil Shute
Orlovi rano lete	author	Branko Ćopić
So Disdained	author	Nevil Shute
De Cive	author	Thomas Hobbes
The Great Pursuit	author	Tom Sharpe
The Island of the Mighty	author	Evangeline Walton
American Sphinx	author	Joseph Ellis
Hyperborea	author	Clark Ashton Smith
Encounter in the Dawn	author	Arthur C. Clarke
From the Notebooks of Dr. Brain	author	Minister Faust
The Man Who Went Back	author	Warwick Deeping
The Doom that Came to Sarnath and Other Stories	author	H. P. Lovecraft
Shout Out Loud!	author	Satosumi Takaguchi
A Burning in Homeland	author	Rick Yancey
Confessions of a Tax Collector	author	Richard Yancey
Aquamarine	author	Alice Hoffman
I Never Saw Another Butterfly	author	Hana Volavkova
City of Light, City of Dark	author	Avi
Murder Princess	author	Sekihiko Inui
Neon Genesis Evangelion	author	Yoshiyuki Sadamoto
Superiority	author	Arthur C. Clarke
The Koreans	author	Michael Breen
SceneOne	author	Living TV Group
Strangers from the Sky	author	Margaret Wander Bonanno
Prime Directive	author	Judith Reeves-Stevens
Prime Directive	author	Garfield Reeves-Stevens
Gorbunov and Gorchakov	author	Joseph Brodsky
Hong Kong Comics: A History of Manhua	author	Wendy Siuyi Wong
O Street	author	Corrina Wycoff
The Boy Who Grew Flowers	author	Jennifer Wojtowicz
The Cat Who Dropped a Bombshell	author	Lilian Jackson Braun
Phantom Lady	author	Cornell Woolrich
Diary of a Bad Year	author	J. M. Coetzee
Faiths & Avatars	author	Julia Martin and Eric L. Boyd
Babylon 5: Voices	author	John Vornholt
Babylon 5: Blood Oath	author	John Vornholt
Babylon 5: Clark's Law	author	Jim Mortimore
Babylon 5: The Touch of Your Shadow, the Whisper of Your Name	author	Neal Barrett, Jr.
Babylon 5: Betrayals	author	S. M. Stirling
Babylon 5: Personal Agendas	author	Al Sarrantonio
Journals of Expeditions of Discovery into Central Australia	author	Edward John Eyre
The Star of Kazan	author	Eva Ibbotson
The Twelfth Imam	author	Joel C. Rosenberg
Maximum Ride: School's Out Forever	author	James Patterson
Mad Dogs	author	Robert Muchamore
Inheritance	author	Arthur C. Clarke
The Extremes	author	Christopher Priest
The New New Thing	author	Michael Lewis
Of the Conduct of the Understanding	author	John Locke
Your Erroneous Zones	author	Wayne Dyer
The Affirmation	author	Christopher Priest
A Dream of Wessex	author	Christopher Priest
The Breadwinner	author	Deborah Ellis
Dark Magic	author	Christine Feehan
How the Dead Live	author	Will Self
Seikai no Danshō	author	Hiroyuki Morioka
The Wrench	author	Primo Levi
A Little Fable	author	Franz Kafka
Boris Yeltsin: From Dawn to Dusk	author	Aleksandr Korzhakov
Flashforward	author	Robert J. Sawyer
Bill Bryson's African Diary	author	Bill Bryson
Prince of Annwn	author	Evangeline Walton
Leonard Maltin's Movie Guide	author	Leonard Maltin
Jungle King Tar-chan	author	Masaya Tokuhiro
The Children of Llyr	author	Evangeline Walton
Close to Shore	author	Michael Capuzzo
Divisadero	author	Michael Ondaatje
Zothique	author	Clark Ashton Smith
To Live Forever	author	Jack Vance
Far-Seer	author	Robert J. Sawyer
Shopped	author	Joanna Blythman
The Mystery of Banshee Towers	author	Enid Blyton
The Schwa Was Here	author	Neal Shusterman
Peace Like a River	author	Leif Enger
My Uncle Silas	author	H.E. Bates
Xiccarph	author	Clark Ashton Smith
Matriarch	author	Karen Traviss
History of the Soul	author	Zhang Chengzhi
The Pit: A Group Encounter Defiled	author	Gene Church
The Pit: A Group Encounter Defiled	author	Conrad D. Carnes
Poseidonis	author	Clark Ashton Smith
Pellucidar	author	Edgar Rice Burroughs
History Lesson	author	Arthur C. Clarke
Freedomnomics	author	John Lott
Other Voices, Other Rooms	author	Truman Capote
At the Edge of the World	author	Edward Plunkett, 18th Baron Dunsany
Encyclopedia of Domestic Animation	author	Sergey Kapkov
Babylon 5: Legions of Fire – Out of the Darkness	author	Peter David
Babylon 5: Legions of Fire – Armies of Light and Dark	author	Peter David
Babylon 5: Legions of Fire – The Long Night of Centauri Prime	author	Peter David
Made to Stick	author	Chip Heath & Dan Heath
One Day, All Children	author	Wendy Kopp
The Girl Who Leapt Through Time	author	Yasutaka Tsutsui
One Bullet Away	author	Nathaniel Fick
Borgel	author	Daniel Pinkwater
The Pacifist	author	Arthur C. Clarke
Men of Maize	author	Miguel Ángel Asturias
Aura	author	Carlos Fuentes
When Corporations Rule the World	author	David Korten
Egyptian Grammar: Being an Introduction to the Study of Hieroglyphs	author	Sir Alan Gardiner
The Carpathians	author	Janet Frame
Gamperaliya	author	Martin Wickremasinghe
Little House in the Big Woods	author	Laura Ingalls Wilder
Over the Hills and Far Away	author	Edward Plunkett, 18th Baron Dunsany
Twelve Days of Terror	author	Richard G. Fernicola
Dust	author	Aoi Nanase
The Philosophy of Friedrich Nietzsche	author	H. L. Mencken
Allison	author	Keiichi Sigsawa
Lillia and Treize	author	Keiichi Sigsawa
The Spanish Gardener	author	A. J. Cronin
In Other Worlds	author	A. A. Attanasio
Race Against Time	author	Carolyn Keene
Panoramio	author	Joaquín Cuenca
Panoramio	author	Eduardo Manchón
Panoramio	author	Jose Florido
The Song of Rhiannon	author	Evangeline Walton
Beneath the Underdog	author	Charles Mingus
Mr. Bass's Planetoid	author	Eleanor Cameron
A Mystery for Mr. Bass	author	Eleanor Cameron
Time and Mr. Bass	author	Eleanor Cameron
Kaliyugaya	author	Martin Wickremasinghe
Giant Robo	author	Mitsuteru Yokoyama
Yuganthaya	author	Martin Wickremasinghe
The Princess Diaries, Volume V: Princess in Pink	author	Meg Cabot
Shishunki Miman Okotowari	author	Yuu Watase
Shishunki Miman Okotowari	author	Megumi Nishizaki
Tough	author	Tetsuya Saruwatari
The Humble Administrator's Garden	author	Vikram Seth
The IHOP Papers	author	Ali Liebegott
Duluth	author	Gore Vidal
Blow Fly	author	Patricia Cornwell
Homecoming	author	Cynthia Voigt
Man into Wolf	author	Robert Eisler
The Transcendental Temptation	author	Paul Kurtz
Russian Amerika	author	Stoney Compton
The Snow	author	Adam Roberts
The Bronze Horseman	author	Alexander Pushkin
Parasite Rex	author	Carl Zimmer
The Statement	author	Brian Moore
The Stone Key	author	Isobelle Carmody
IDLE	author	Guido van Rossum
Aika R-16: Virgin Mission	author	Akira Suzuki
The Moon Pool	author	Abraham Merritt
Digital Library of the Caribbean	author	Caribbean
Freeglader	author	Paul Stewart
Freeglader	author	Chris Riddell
Kaiketsu Zorori	author	Yutaka Hara
The Vanished Diamond	author	Jules Verne
Into the Wild	author	Erin Hunter
Fire and Ice	author	Erin Hunter
Forest of Secrets	author	Erin Hunter
Rising Storm	author	Erin Hunter
A Dangerous Path	author	Erin Hunter
The Darkest Hour	author	Erin Hunter
A Stir of Echoes	author	Richard Matheson
Midnight	author	Erin Hunter
Starlight	author	Erin Hunter
Moonrise	author	Erin Hunter
Dawn	author	Erin Hunter
Twilight	author	Erin Hunter
Sunset	author	Erin Hunter
The Sight	author	Erin Hunter
Letters to Family, Friends, and Editors	author	Franz Kafka
Churches That Abuse	author	Ronald Enroth
The Cheese and the Worms	author	Carlo Ginzburg
The Darkest Evening of the Year	author	Dean Koontz
28	author	Stephanie Nolen
The Princess Diaries, Volume IV: Princess in Waiting	author	Meg Cabot
West of January	author	Dave Duncan
2: Project Princess	author	Meg Cabot
The Princess Diaries, Volume IX: Princess Mia	author	Meg Cabot
The Princess Diaries, Volume VI: Princess in Training	author	Meg Cabot
2: The Princess Present	author	Meg Cabot
4: Valentine Princess	author	Meg Cabot
2: Sweet Sixteen Princess	author	Meg Cabot
The Princess Diaries, Volume VII: Party Princess	author	Meg Cabot
The Princess Diaries, Volume VIII: Princess on the Brink	author	Meg Cabot
The Princess Diaries, Volume X: Forever Princess	author	Meg Cabot
The Vanished Man	author	Jeffery Deaver
Jack Plank Tells Tales	author	Natalie Babbitt
Allan's Wife and Other Tales	author	H. Rider Haggard
Boys'n Girl	author	Kei Yasunaga
The Summer Book	author	Tove Jansson
A Winter Book	author	Tove Jansson
Club 9	author	Makoto Kobayashi
Girls Saurus	author	Kei Kusunoki
Jacklight	author	Louise Erdrich
Idol Densetsu Eriko	author	Ayumi Kawahara
Dies the Fire	author	S. M. Stirling
Slaves of Spiegel	author	Daniel Pinkwater
We've Had a Hundred Years of Psychotherapy – And the World's Getting Worse	author	James Hillman and Michael Ventura
Kitty Foyle	author	Christopher Morley
The Gospel of Corax	author	Paul Park
The Diamond of Drury Lane	author	Julia Golding
Demon Beast Invasion	author	Toshio Maeda
The Graveyard Book	author	Neil Gaiman
The Physics of Superheroes	author	James Kakalios
The Eternal Flame	author	T. A. Barron
A Model World and Other Stories	author	Michael Chabon
Forever Autumn	author	Mark Morris
M Is for Magic	author	Neil Gaiman
One Arm	author	Yasunari Kawabata
The Worms of Kukumlima	author	Daniel Pinkwater
The Joke's Over	author	Ralph Steadman
Ekaveera	author	Viswanatha Satyanarayana
Kiss the Dust	author	Elizabeth Laird
Handbook of British Birds	author	Henry Witherby
Handbook of British Birds	author	Francis Charles Robert Jourdain
Handbook of British Birds	author	Norman Ticehurst
Handbook of British Birds	author	Bernard Tucker
Handbook of British Birds	author	Philip Hollom
Snowblind	author	Robert Sabbag
Race Against Time: Searching for Hope in AIDS-Ravaged Africa	author	Stephen Lewis
The People of the Mist	author	H. Rider Haggard
Skeleton Coast	author	Clive Cussler
Skeleton Coast	author	Jack DuBrul
The Terror	author	Dan Simmons
Love Story	author	Erich Segal
Sharpe's Siege	author	Bernard Cornwell
The Dead Zone	author	Stephen King
The Record of a Fallen Vampire	author	Kyo Shirodaira
Robbery Under Arms	author	Rolf Boldrewood
Shadowland	author	Meg Cabot
Gimpel the Fool	author	Isaac Bashevis Singer
Beyond the Fields We Know	author	Edward Plunkett, 18th Baron Dunsany
Doctor Dolittle's Post Office	author	Hugh Lofting
Moo	author	Jane Smiley
The New Canada	author	Preston Manning
The Twelve Tasks of Flavia Gemina	author	Caroline Lawrence
Don Rodriguez: Chronicles of Shadow Valley	author	Edward Plunkett, 18th Baron Dunsany
The History of Love	author	Nicole Krauss
Fifty-One Tales	author	Edward Plunkett, 18th Baron Dunsany
The Heathen's Guide to World Religions	author	William Hopper
Tekkonkinkreet	author	Taiyō Matsumoto
The Last Colony	author	John Scalzi
Cytoscape	author	
Hackety Hack	author	why the lucky stiff and 50 friends
Rameau's Nephew	author	Denis Diderot
Close to Critical	author	Hal Clement
Turn of the Century	author	Kurt Andersen
Legal Rites	author	Isaac Asimov
Wetworld	author	Mark Michalowski
Sick Building	author	Paul Magrs
Verses Dedicatory	author	Edward Plunkett, 18th Baron Dunsany
Making Good Again	author	Lionel Davidson
Smith's Gazelle	author	Lionel Davidson
Tales of the City	author	Armistead Maupin
Under Plum Lake	author	Lionel Davidson
Babycakes	author	Armistead Maupin
Further Tales of the City	author	Armistead Maupin
More Tales of the City	author	Armistead Maupin
Sure of You	author	Armistead Maupin
Significant Others	author	Armistead Maupin
Michael Tolliver Lives	author	Armistead Maupin
The Sorcerer's Ship	author	Hannes Bok
H. P. Lovecraft: A Life	author	S. T. Joshi
Beyond the Golden Stair	author	Hannes Bok
The Shaving of Shagpat	author	George Meredith
Realms of Wizardry	author	edited by  Lin Carter
Instrument Neutral Distributed Interface	author	Elwood Downey
Instrument Neutral Distributed Interface	author	Jasem Mutlaq
Double Phoenix	author	Edmund Cooper and Roger Lancelyn Green; edited by  Lin Carter
Star Light	author	Hal Clement
Batavia's Graveyard	author	Mike Dash
All the Brothers Were Valiant	author	Ben Ames Williams
Jupiter Five	author	Arthur C. Clarke
Trouble with the Natives	author	Arthur C. Clarke
Mind Game	author	Christine Feehan
Night Game	author	Christine Feehan
The Mysterious Disappearance of Leon	author	Ellen Raskin
Tristan	author	Thomas Mann
Modoc	author	Ralph Helfer
Christie Malry's Own Double-Entry	author	B. S. Johnson
The Crook Factory	author	Dan Simmons
Loop	author	Koji Suzuki
The Festival of San Joaquin	author	Zee Edgell
Politics Lost	author	Joe Klein
Time and the River	author	Zee Edgell
Attention Please	author	Chieko Hosokawa
Past Perfect	author	Yaakov Shabtai
Leviathan	author	Scott Westerfeld
Necessary But Not Sufficient	author	Eliyahu M. Goldratt
Doctor Pascal	author	Émile Zola
Hunting Mister Heartbreak	author	Jonathan Raban
Arabia Through the Looking Glass	author	Jonathan Raban
The Possessed	author	Arthur C. Clarke
Love and War in the Apennines	author	Eric Newby
The Heaven Shop	author	Deborah Ellis
Stani's Python Editor	author	Stani Michiels
Operation Typhoon Shore	author	Joshua Mowll
My Idea of Fun	author	Will Self
Rise the Euphrates	author	Carol Edgarian
Coasting	author	Jonathan Raban
Waxwings	author	Jonathan Raban
Surveillance	author	Jonathan Raban
At the Center of the Storm	author	George Tenet with Bill Harlow
Rising '44	author	Norman Davies
The Terror of Blue John Gap	author	Arthur Conan Doyle
Shiroi Senshi Yamato	author	Yoshihiro Takahashi
Double Fold	author	Nicholson Baker
The Afghan Campaign	author	Steven Pressfield
Doll	author	Mitsukazu Mihara
Five Are Together Again	author	Enid Blyton
The Disk	author	Jorge Luis Borges
The Looming Tower	author	Lawrence Wright
I Am America	author	Stephen Colbert
I Am America	author	Rich Dahm
I Am America	author	Paul Dinello
I Am America	author	Allison Silverman
I Am America	author	with
I Am America	author	Michael Brumm
I Am America	author	Eric Drysdale
I Am America	author	Rob Dubbin
I Am America	author	Glenn Eichler
I Am America	author	Peter Grosz
I Am America	author	Peter Gwinn
I Am America	author	Jay Katsir
I Am America	author	Laura Krafft
I Am America	author	Frank Lesser
I Am America	author	Tom Purcell
I Am America	author	Stephen Colbert
No Telephone to Heaven	author	Michelle Cliff
Havana Heat	author	Darryl Brock
Guess How Much I Love You	author	Sam McBratney
They Went Thataway	author	James Horwitz
Super-Neutron	author	Isaac Asimov
More Sideways Arithmetic from Wayside School	author	Louis Sachar
Steel Beach	author	John Varley
And the Big Men Fly	author	Alan Hopgood
Good King Harry	author	Denise Giardina
Each Man's Son	author	Hugh MacLennan
Monkey Bridge	author	Lan Cao
Boomsday	author	Christopher Buckley
The Defenestration of Ermintrude Inch	author	Arthur C. Clarke
The Sleepwalker	author	Robert Muchamore
Dreaming in Cuban	author	Cristina García
The Definitive Biography of P.D.Q. Bach	author	Peter Schickele
No Humans Involved	author	Kelley Armstrong
The Two Tigers	author	Emilio Salgari
Sharpe's Enemy	author	Bernard Cornwell
Valmouth	author	Ronald Firbank
Exodus	author	Julie Bertagna
Khaled: A Tale of Arabia	author	Francis Marion Crawford
Imaginary Worlds: The Art of Fantasy	author	Lin Carter
The Little Man on the Subway	author	Isaac Asimov
A Bad Spell in Yurt	author	C. Dale Brittain
Ojarumaru	author	Tatsuma Ejiri
The Course of Time	author	Robert Pollok
Shadow Star	author	Chris Claremont and George Lucas
Son of the Red Corsair	author	Emilio Salgari
The Chameleon's Shadow	author	Minette Walters
A Vulgar Display of Power: Courage and Carnage at the Alrosa Villa	author	Chris Armold
Pagan Operetta	author	Carl Hancock Rux
Haym Salomon, Son of Liberty	author	Howard Fast
List of Transformers books	author	Casey Todd
List of Transformers books	author	Barbara Siegel and Scott Siegel
List of Transformers books	author	Josepha Sherman
List of Transformers books	author	Greg Sepelak and S. Trent Troop
List of Transformers books	author	Jim Sorenson
List of Transformers books	author	Bill Forster
List of Transformers books	author	Bob Budiansky
List of Transformers books	author	Scott Siegel
List of Transformers books	author	John Braden
List of Transformers books	author	John Grant
List of Transformers books	author	Max Z. Baum
List of Transformers books	author	Pat Brigandi
List of Transformers books	author	Sonya Black Woods
Great Apes	author	Will Self
Dorian, an Imitation	author	Will Self
The Secret Sense	author	Isaac Asimov
The Lost Continent: The Story of Atlantis	author	C. J. Cutcliffe Hyne
Gifts of Deceit	author	Robert Boettcher
Est: The Steersman Handbook	author	Leslie Stevens
Gentlemen of the Road	author	Michael Chabon
Measle and the Wrathmonk	author	Ian Ogilvy
Bill Badger and the Pirates	author	Denys Watkins-Pitchford
The Idylls of the Queen	author	Phyllis Ann Karr
God and the State	author	Mikhail Bakunin
Anne Frank: The Biography	author	Melissa Müller
L.A. Confidential	author	James Ellroy
Japrocksampler	author	Julian Cope
Let the Right One In	author	John Ajvide Lindqvist
The Last Grain Race	author	Eric Newby
Not on Our Watch	author	Don Cheadle
Not on Our Watch	author	John Prendergast
Breaking Strain	author	Arthur C. Clarke
Guests of the Nation	author	Frank O'Connor
The Malay Archipelago	author	Alfred Russel Wallace
The Day the Leader was Killed	author	Naguib Mahfouz
By the Great Horn Spoon!	author	Sid Fleischman
Grandfather Stories	author	Samuel Hopkins Adams
Libdca	author	Gildas Bazin
A Certain Magical Index	author	Kazuma Kamachi
A Certain Magical Index	author	Kazuma Kamachi
Dark Challenge	author	Christine Feehan
The £1,000,000 Bank Note and Other New Stories	author	Mark Twain
What Mad Universe	author	Fredric Brown
Martians, Go Home	author	Fredric Brown
Come Rack! Come Rope!	author	Robert Hugh Benson
The Rector of Veilbye	author	Steen Steensen Blicher
The Problem of the Covered Bridge	author	Edward D. Hoch
Essentials of Programming Languages	author	Daniel P. Friedman
Essentials of Programming Languages	author	Mitchell Wand
Essentials of Programming Languages	author	Christopher T. Haynes
On Chesil Beach	author	Ian McEwan
The Profits of Religion	author	Upton Sinclair
Queen Bee	author	Chynna Clugston
The Problem of the Old Gristmill	author	Edward D. Hoch
El licenciado Vidriera	author	Miguel de Cervantes
Infinity's Shore	author	David Brin
Jahero	author	Rosie O'Donnell
Jahero	author	Janette Barber
Jahero	author	Helene Macaulay
Wasteland	author	Francesca Lia Block
Office Online	author	Microsoft
Gosick	author	Kazuki Sakuraba
Ohikkoshi	author	Hiroaki Samura
Señor Vivo and the Coca Lord	author	Louis de Bernières
The Troublesome Offspring of Cardinal Guzman	author	Louis de Bernières
The Glory	author	Herman Wouk
Sisters of Wellber	author	Naruse Takami
A God in Ruins	author	Leon Uris
Bloodbrothers	author	Richard Price
Dragon Ball	author	Akira Toriyama
The Unsex'd Females	author	Richard Polwhele
Better Than Sex	author	Hunter S. Thompson
Work: A Story of Experience	author	Louisa May Alcott
Skulduggery Pleasant	author	Derek Landy
Original Sin: Illuminating the Riddle	author	Henri Blocher
Venture to the Moon	author	Arthur C. Clarke
Letters to Felice	author	Franz Kafka
Summertime on Icarus	author	Arthur C. Clarke
The Golden Rendezvous	author	Alistair MacLean
A Good Man in Africa	author	William Boyd
An Ice-Cream War	author	William Boyd
Toward the Terra	author	Keiko Takemiya
Toward the Terra	author	Fumino Hayashi
Nat Tate: An American Artist 1928–1960	author	William Boyd
Dragon Head	author	Minetarō Mochizuki
Ashen Victor	author	Yukito Kishiro
Armadillo	author	William Boyd
Touching Darkness	author	Scott Westerfeld
Time and the Gods	author	Edward Plunkett, 18th Baron Dunsany
The Survivors of the %22Jonathan%22	author	Jules Verne
The Survivors of the %22Jonathan%22	author	Michel Verne
The Troika	author	Stepan Chapman
Eye	author	Frank Herbert
Bâtard	author	Jack London
Sir Green Hat and the Wizard	author	Ruth Manning-Sanders
Skywriting by Word of Mouth	author	John Lennon
Yume Kira Dream Shoppe	author	Aqua Mizuto
Ford Sync	author	Ford Motor Company
NowPublic	author	Michael Tippett, Leonard Brody and Michael E. Meyers
No Treason	author	Lysander Spooner
The Blue Afternoon	author	William Boyd
The Politics of Religious Apostasy	author	David G. Bromley
The Summoner	author	Gail Z. Martin
The Old Willis Place	author	Mary Downing Hahn
Blue Noon	author	Scott Westerfeld
The Plucker	author	Brom
The Bookshop	author	Penelope Fitzgerald
The Beast House	author	Richard Laymon
The Midnight Tour	author	Richard Laymon
No Way to Treat a First Lady	author	Christopher Buckley
Encyclopedia of Life	author	Field Museum
Encyclopedia of Life	author	Harvard University
Encyclopedia of Life	author	MacArthur Foundation
Encyclopedia of Life	author	Marine Biological Laboratory
Encyclopedia of Life	author	Missouri Botanical Garden
Encyclopedia of Life	author	Sloan Foundation
Encyclopedia of Life	author	Smithsonian Institution
The Islamist	author	Ed Husain
Crispin: At the Edge of the World	author	Avi
The Brick Moon	author	Edward Everett Hale
A Hope in the Unseen	author	Ron Suskind
Youth	author	Leo Tolstoy
Youth	author	Joseph Conrad
God Is Not Great	author	Christopher Hitchens
Ozoneweb	author	EEA, Atkins Danmark
Bid Time Return	author	Richard Matheson
Mister B. Gone	author	Clive Barker
De Re Atari	author	Chris Crawford, Lane Winner, Jim Cox, Amy Chen, Jim Dunion, Kathleen Pitta, Bob Fraser
Halo: Contact Harvest	author	Joseph Staten
Fire in the Minds of Men	author	James H. Billington
Little Green Men	author	Christopher Buckley
Pikeo	author	Orange Labs
Zoomerang.com	author	MarketTools, Inc.
Winter of Fire	author	Sherryl Jordan
Mulligan Stew	author	Gilbert Sorrentino
Sand Chronicles	author	Hinako Ashihara
The White Lioness	author	Henning Mankell
The Man Who Smiled	author	Henning Mankell
One Step Behind	author	Henning Mankell
The Fifth Woman	author	Henning Mankell
Before the Frost	author	Henning Mankell
Chronicler of the Winds	author	Henning Mankell
End Games	author	Michael Dibdin
The Draining Lake	author	Arnaldur Indriðason
Not in the Flesh	author	Ruth Rendell
Black Man	author	Richard Morgan
Dark Fire	author	Christine Feehan
Esper Mami	author	Fujiko Fujio
The Starship Trap	author	Mel Gilden
Cults: Faith, Healing and Coercion	author	Marc Galanter
Doberman Deka	author	Buronson
Wild Ones	author	Kiyo Fujiwara
Comprehensive History of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints	author	B. H. Roberts
America Alone	author	Mark Steyn
Rusty String Quartet	author	Raegan Butcher
A Worn Path	author	Eudora Welty
Stone Hotel	author	Raegan Butcher
Depths	author	Henning Mankell
Kennedy's Brain	author	Henning Mankell
Shenzhen	author	Guy Delisle
Inside Delta Force	author	Eric L. Haney
The House of the Arrow	author	A. E. W. Mason
Blood Secret	author	Kathryn Lasky
Gondibert	author	William Davenant
All Gods Children	author	Carroll Stoner
All Gods Children	author	Jo Anne Parke
Letters to a Young Brother	author	Hill Harper
Florence of Arabia	author	Christopher Buckley
Hate	author	Arthur C. Clarke
Dr. Mukti and Other Tales of Woe	author	Will Self
Overclocked: Stories of the Future Present	author	Cory Doctorow
How Many Miles to Babylon%3F	author	Jennifer Johnston
Dark Reflections	author	Samuel R. Delany
Dark Secret	author	Christine Feehan
We Real Cool: Black Men and Masculinity	author	Bell hooks
Warriors: Power of Three	author	Erin Hunter
Fools Crow	author	James Welch
World Embryo	author	Daisuke Moriyama
Vendémiaire no Tsubasa	author	Mohiro Kitoh
The Psychology of the Psychic	author	David Marks
The Psychology of the Psychic	author	Richard Kammann
The New Green Consumer Guide	author	Julia Hailes
Forest of the Pygmies	author	Isabel Allende
Blast Off at Woomera	author	Hugh Walters
The Essential Charles Eastman	author	Charles Eastman
The Steam Man of the Prairies	author	Edward S. Ellis
The Domes of Pico	author	Hugh Walters
Three Months in the Southern States	author	Captain Arthur Fremantle
Death Star	author	Michael Reaves
Death Star	author	Steve Perry
The Diamond as Big as the Ritz	author	F. Scott Fitzgerald
Baby Is Three	author	Theodore Sturgeon
Mevio	author	Adam Curry, Ron Bloom
Hollywood	author	Gore Vidal
The Behavior of Organisms	author	B.F. Skinner
Phet Sein Kun Taung Shwe Wuttu-To Mya	author	Khin Khin Htoo
Operation Columbus	author	Hugh Walters
The Carbon War	author	Jeremy Leggett
Half Gone	author	Jeremy Leggett
Expedition Venus	author	Hugh Walters
Moon Base One	author	Hugh Walters
The Monkey's Raincoat	author	Robert Crais
Love and War	author	Margaret Weis and Tracy Hickman
Parrish	author	Mildred Savage
Exit Ghost	author	Philip Roth
The Qwaser of Stigmata	author	Hiroyuki Yoshino
Diary of a Wimpy Kid	author	Jeff Kinney
Destination Mars	author	Hugh Walters
The Invention of Hugo Cabret	author	Brian Selznick
The Excalibur Alternative	author	David Weber
Cirie	author	Mildred Savage
A Piece of Steak	author	Jack London
Doctor Dolittle's Circus	author	Hugh Lofting
Doctor Dolittle's Caravan	author	Hugh Lofting
Superstars	author	Ann Scott
Who is Guru Maharaj Ji%3F	author	Charles Cameron, Editor
Who is Guru Maharaj Ji%3F	author	Rennie Davis, Introduction
The Cockroaches	author	Jo Nesbø
Terror by Satellite	author	Hugh Walters
Journey to Jupiter	author	Hugh Walters
1 Litre no Namida	author	Aya Kitō
My Coke Rewards	author	The Coca-Cola Company
Courting Justice	author	David Boies
Mushi-Uta	author	Kyouhei Iwai
Mushi-Uta	author	Kyouhei Iwai
MarilynManson.com	author	Marilyn Manson, Rob Anderson, Cartisien, Kurt Dommermuth, Interscope Records, Various)
The Last Summer	author	Ann Brashares
Reading Myself and Others	author	Philip Roth
Mission to Mercury	author	Hugh Walters
Buddy	author	Nigel Hinton
Spaceship to Saturn	author	Hugh Walters
Phoenix and Ashes	author	Mercedes Lackey
Rental Magica	author	Makoto Sanda
Rental Magica	author	Makoto Sanda
Nightwood	author	Djuna Barnes
The Mohole Mystery	author	Hugh Walters
First, Break All the Rules	author	Marcus Buckingham
First, Break All the Rules	author	Curt Coffman
Nearly Neptune	author	Hugh Walters
Microsoft Popfly	author	Microsoft Corporation
The Giant Jam Sandwich	author	John Vernon Lord and Janet Burroway
The Sword of Welleran and Other Stories	author	Edward Plunkett, 18th Baron Dunsany
Ride the Storm	author	Dean Koontz
The Philosophy of Andy Warhol	author	Andy Warhol
Popism: The Warhol Sixties	author	Andy Warhol
The Andy Warhol Diaries	author	Andy Warhol
The Enemy Within	author	Michael Savage
The Tenth City	author	Patrick Carman
Dayworld	author	Philip José Farmer
The Cry of the Icemark	author	Stuart Hill
By Grand Central Station I Sat Down and Wept	author	Elizabeth Smart
First Contact%3F	author	Hugh Walters
Passage to Pluto	author	Hugh Walters
Gilda Joyce	author	Jennifer Allison
Gilda Joyce: The Ladies of the Lake	author	Jennifer Allison
Darker Than You Think	author	Jack Williamson
Teachings of the Prophet Joseph Smith	author	Joseph Smith
Teachings of the Prophet Joseph Smith	author	Joseph Fielding Smith
Rhett Butler's People	author	Donald McCaig
The Gum Thief	author	Douglas Coupland
Terry	author	Douglas Coupland
I Just Make Them Up, See!	author	Isaac Asimov
Whyville	author	Numedeon
Beautiful Stranger	author	Zoey Dean
IPython	author	Fernando Pérez
Bad Girls	author	Jacqueline Wilson
British Summertime	author	Paul Cornell
Inshallah	author	Oriana Fallaci
My Kinsman, Major Molineux	author	Nathaniel Hawthorne
Twinkle Stars	author	Natsuki Takaya
The Modern World	author	Steph Swainston
Lombard Street: A Description of the Money Market	author	Walter Bagehot
The Roman Hat Mystery	author	Ellery Queen
The French Powder Mystery	author	Ellery Queen
Enterprise Integration Patterns	author	Gregor Hohpe and Bobby Woolf
How Doctors Think	author	Jerome Groopman
PCPaint	author	John Bridges
PCPaint	author	Doug Wolfgram
Lion of Macedon	author	David Gemmell
Tony Hale, Space Detective	author	Hugh Walters
Murder on Mars	author	Hugh Walters
Sit Down and Shut Up	author	Brad Warner
The Dig	author	John Preston
The Dutch Shoe Mystery	author	Ellery Queen
The Greek Coffin Mystery	author	Ellery Queen
The Class Struggle in the Ancient Greek World	author	G. E. M. de Ste. Croix
The Egyptian Cross Mystery	author	Ellery Queen
The Siamese Twin Mystery	author	Ellery Queen
Promised Land	author	Robert B. Parker
The American Gun Mystery	author	Ellery Queen
Argall: The True Story of Pocahontas and Captain John Smith	author	William T. Vollmann
Ircu	author	
LETTERS	author	John Barth
Breathing for a Living	author	Laura Rothenberg
The Judas Window	author	John Dickson Carr
Cloud Boy	author	Rhode Montijo
The Sundering Flood	author	William Morris
The Water of the Wondrous Isles	author	William Morris
The Wood Beyond the World	author	William Morris
The Big Fellow	author	Frank O'Connor
IBM and the Holocaust	author	Edwin Black
Engleby	author	Sebastian Faulks
The Country of the Blind and Other Stories	author	H. G. Wells
The Time Traders	author	Andre Norton
Bloodline	author	Kate Cary
Ariel	author	Yūichi Sasamoto
Fūma no Kojirō	author	Masami Kurumada
Thomas Jefferson: Author of America	author	Christopher Hitchens
Love, Poverty, and War	author	Christopher Hitchens
The Garden Murder Case	author	S. S. Van Dine
Why Orwell Matters	author	Christopher Hitchens
The Rain God	author	Arturo Islas
Letters to a Young Contrarian	author	Christopher Hitchens
What Remains	author	Sally Mann
Firebug	author	Joe Hewitt
Ringing Bell	author	Takashi Yanase
The Chinese Orange Mystery	author	Ellery Queen
The Spanish Cape Mystery	author	Ellery Queen
The Lamp of God	author	Ellery Queen
Dawn	author	Dean McLaughlin
The King's Damosel	author	Vera Chapman
The Blues Brothers	author	Mitch Glazer
Pather Panchali	author	Bibhutibhushan Bandyopadhyay
Cripps the Carrier	author	R. D. Blackmore
Shion no Ō	author	Naoko Hayashiba
Contingency, Irony, and Solidarity	author	Richard Rorty
The Last Sin Eater	author	Francine Rivers
The Atonement Child	author	Francine Rivers
Halfway House	author	Ellery Queen
Aunt Jane's Nieces Out West	author	L. Frank Baum
Aunt Jane's Nieces on the Ranch	author	L. Frank Baum
If They Give You Lined Paper, Write Sideways	author	Daniel Quinn
The Prince	author	Francine Rivers
The Final Deduction	author	Rex Stout
The 100 Most Influential Books Ever Written	author	Martin Seymour-Smith
Samurai Widow	author	Judith Belushi Pisano
Belushi: A Biography	author	Judith Belushi Pisano
Belushi: A Biography	author	Tanner Colby
Winning the Oil Endgame	author	Amory B. Lovins
May Bird and the Ever After	author	Jodi Lynn Anderson
You Will Go to the Moon	author	Mae and Ira Freeman
Death in Silver	author	Lester Dent
Stations	author	Seamus Heaney
Aunt Jane's Nieces on Vacation	author	L. Frank Baum
Vixens	author	U-jin
Twice Brightly	author	Harry Secombe
Second Glance	author	Jodi Picoult
Discovery! The Search for Arabian Oil	author	Wallace Stegner
The John Riddell Murder Case	author	Corey Ford
It's Kind of a Funny Story	author	Ned Vizzini
Brown–Driver–Briggs	author	Francis Brown
Brown–Driver–Briggs	author	Samuel Rolles Driver
Brown–Driver–Briggs	author	Charles Augustus Briggs
The Moral Animal	author	Robert Wright
Grand Canary	author	A. J. Cronin
The Scarlet Thread	author	Francine Rivers
MAGiMAGi	author	Jirō Suzuki
Invincible	author	Troy Denning
Folk and Fairy Tales	author	Ruth Manning-Sanders
The Lottery Rose	author	Irene Hunt
Little Children	author	Tom Perrotta
The Landscape of Love	author	Sally Beauman
Wizard: The Life and Times of Nikola Tesla	author	Marc Seifer
Tesla: Man Out of Time	author	Margaret Cheney
The Fantastic Inventions of Nikola Tesla	author	Nikola Tesla
The Fantastic Inventions of Nikola Tesla	author	David Hatcher Childress
The Inventions, Researches, and Writings of Nikola Tesla	author	Thomas Commerford Martin
Prodigal Genius: The Life of Nikola Tesla	author	John Joseph O'Neill
The Man Who Invented the Twentieth Century	author	Robert Lomas
Colorado Springs Notes, 1899–1900	author	Nikola Tesla
Colorado Springs Notes, 1899–1900	author	Aleksandar Marinčić
Colorado Springs Notes, 1899–1900	author	Vojin Popović
ReCAPTCHA	author	*
ReCAPTCHA	author	Luis von Ahn
ReCAPTCHA	author	* Ben Maurer\n* Colin McMillen\n* Harshad Bhujbal\n*
ReCAPTCHA	author	Manuel Blum
Himalaya	author	Michael Palin
The House That Berry Built	author	Dornford Yates
Promise Not to Tell	author	Jennifer McMahon
A Dedicated Man	author	Peter Robinson
Seeker	author	Jack McDevitt
Inside Himalaya	author	Basil Pao
Inside Sahara	author	Basil Pao
The Children of the Night	author	Robert E. Howard
Tales of Space and Time	author	H. G. Wells
First Man: The Life of Neil A. Armstrong	author	James R. Hansen
The Carnival	author	Michael W. Fedo
The Dot	author	Peter H. Reynolds
A Man of the People	author	Ursula K. Le Guin
Snuff	author	Chuck Palahniuk
Is Shakespeare Dead%3F	author	Mark Twain
Sacred Journeys	author	James V. Downton, Jr.
Kodomo no Jikan	author	Kaworu Watashiya
Moments of Reprieve	author	Primo Levi
Anti-intellectualism in American Life	author	Richard Hofstadter
Sitt Marie Rose	author	Etel Adnan
Full Circle – Michael Palin	author	Michael Palin
Dateline: Toronto	author	Ernest Hemingway edited by William White
Mugen Spiral	author	Mizuho Kusanagi
Starcross	author	Philip Reeve
Oath of Swords	author	David Weber
Thomas Paine's %22Rights of Man%22: A Biography	author	Christopher Hitchens
Cloud Pictures	author	Francis Henry Underwood
Haruhi Suzumiya	author	Nagaru Tanigawa
Haruhi Suzumiya	author	Nagaru Tanigawa
A Cup of Tea	author	Katherine Mansfield
The Monkey King	author	Katsuya Terada
Japan Sinks	author	Sakyo Komatsu
Pole to Pole: The Photographs	author	Basil Pao
Silence	author	Shūsaku Endō
In the Belly of the Bloodhound	author	Louis A. Meyer
Gears	author	Google
Keroro Land	author	Mine Yoshizaki
Maske: Thaery	author	Jack Vance
Violence and the Sacred	author	René Girard
With Women	author	David Vernon
Selling Blue Elephants	author	About us.html
Selling Blue Elephants	author	www.alexgofman.com
Red China Blues	author	Jan Wong
Kindred Spirits	author	Mark Anthony and Ellen Porath
The Football Factory	author	John King
A Dreamer's Tales	author	Edward Plunkett, 18th Baron Dunsany
Five Plays	author	Edward Plunkett, 18th Baron Dunsany
Full Circle: The Photographs	author	Basil Pao
Please Understand Me	author	David Keirsey and
Please Understand Me	author	Marilyn Bates
A Question of Guilt	author	Carolyn Keene
The Mystery of the Stuttering Parrot	author	Robert Arthur, Jr.
William's Doll	author	Charlotte Zolotow
A Dill Pickle	author	Katherine Mansfield
The Six Messiahs	author	Mark Frost
Empress Orchid	author	Anchee Min
True Grit	author	Charles Portis
Ciske de Rat	author	Piet Bakker
NASASpaceFlight.com	author	Chris Bergin
Snowball's Chance	author	John Reed
Letters to Milena	author	Franz Kafka
Capitalist Nigger	author	Chika Onyeani
Around the World in 80 Days	author	Michael Palin
The Solarians	author	Norman Spinrad
Confessions of a Thug	author	Philip Meadows Taylor
The Lost Warrior	author	Erin Hunter
The Hanging Valley	author	Peter Robinson
A Necessary End	author	Peter Robinson
Past Reason Hated	author	Peter Robinson
Wednesday's Child	author	Peter Robinson
My-HiME Destiny	author	Hideaki Ibuki
Vi är inte ensamma	author	Margit Sandemo
Greenhouse Solutions with Sustainable Energy	author	Mark Diesendorf
Sahara	author	Michael Palin
Dry Bones That Dream	author	Peter Robinson
Becoming Jane Austen	author	Jon Hunter Spence
Innocent Graves	author	Peter Robinson
Dead Right	author	Peter Robinson
Skimrande vårar	author	Margit Sandemo
In a Dry Season	author	Peter Robinson
Forty Words for Sorrow	author	Giles Blunt
The Blind Man of Seville	author	Robert Wilson
Woman's World	author	Graham Rawle
The Silent and the Damned	author	Robert Wilson
The Hidden Assassins	author	Robert Wilson
Grimble	author	Clement Freud
Hemingway Adventure	author	Michael Palin
The Generals	author	Simon Scarrow
Encyclopedia of the History of Arabic Science	author	Roshdi Rashed
It Can Happen Here	author	Joe Conason
Stone Fox	author	John Reynolds Gardiner
OVGuide	author	Dale Bock, Founder
OVGuide	author	Sanjay Reddy, CEO
OVGuide	author	David Bohnett
OVGuide	author	Chairman
The Man of Adamant	author	Nathaniel Hawthorne
Dōjin Work	author	Hiroyuki
Bulldog Drummond	author	H. C. McNeile
Egotism; or, The Bosom-Serpent	author	Nathanial Hawthorne
Visst katten har djuren själ!	author	Margit Sandemo
The Last Book of Wonder	author	Edward Plunkett, 18th Baron Dunsany
The Book of Wonder	author	Edward Plunkett, 18th Baron Dunsany
Cold is the Grave	author	Peter Robinson
Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud	author	Amazon.com, Inc.
Aftermath	author	Peter Robinson
The Summer That Never Was	author	Peter Robinson
Playing with Fire	author	Peter Robinson
Piece of My Heart	author	Peter Robinson
Strange Affair	author	Peter Robinson
Friend of the Devil	author	Peter Robinson
Kjære Margit	author	Margit Sandemo
Solomon Time	author	Will Randall
Don't Look Back	author	Karin Fossum
He Who Fears the Wolf	author	Karin Fossum
When the Devil Holds the Candle	author	Karin Fossum
Black Seconds	author	Karin Fossum
Rocket Girls	author	Hōsuke Nojiri
The Almost Moon	author	Alice Sebold
Spring and Autumn Annals of the Sixteen Kingdoms	author	Cui Hong
Playing for Pizza	author	John Grisham
The Bondwoman's Narrative	author	Hannah Crafts
The Reagan Diaries	author	Ronald Reagan, edited by Douglas Brinkley
Between Mom and Jo	author	Julie Anne Peters
1945	author	Robert Conroy
The Savage Detectives	author	Roberto Bolaño
City of the Dead	author	Brian Keene
City of the Rats	author	Jennifer Rowe
Hitohira	author	Izumi Kirihara
Drömmen om en vän	author	Margit Sandemo
Homo Faber	author	Max Frisch
The Bourne Ultimatum	author	Robert Ludlum
Pacific War series	author	Newt Gingrich
Pacific War series	author	William R. Forstchen
Skattejakten	author	Margit Sandemo
Abominable Firebug	author	Richard B. Johnson
Sketchbook	author	Totan Kobako
Tomorrow	author	Graham Swift
The Third Part of the Pilgrim's Progress	author	Anonymous work
Call Me Francis Tucket	author	Gary Paulsen
Tucket's Ride	author	Gary Paulsen
Tucket's Home	author	Gary Paulsen
Tucket's Gold	author	Gary Paulsen
The Proteus Operation	author	James P. Hogan
Nicaragua Betrayed	author	Anastasio Somoza Debayle
Grow Up	author	Ben Brooks
The Tony Years	author	Craig Brown
This Is Craig Brown	author	Craig Brown
The Virtu	author	Sarah Monette
Mélusine	author	Sarah Monette
Visual Intercept	author	Elsinore Technologies Inc.
The Mirador	author	Sarah Monette
Prime Green: Remembering the Sixties	author	Robert Stone
Evening Class	author	Maeve Binchy
Quentins	author	Maeve Binchy
The Orc King	author	R. A. Salvatore
Love and Other Impossible Pursuits	author	Ayelet Waldman
The Ghost King	author	R. A. Salvatore
The Pirate King	author	R. A. Salvatore
The Wide, Wide World	author	Susan Warner
Brewer's Rogues, Villains and Eccentrics	author	William Donaldson
Airman	author	Eoin Colfer
Children of God	author	Mary Doria Russell
The Weight-Loss Cure %22They%22 Don't Want You to Know About	author	Kevin Trudeau
The Last English King	author	Julian Rathbone
Swordbird	author	Nancy Yi Fan
More William	author	Richmal Crompton
Toradora!	author	Yuyuko Takemiya
Spice and Wolf	author	Isuna Hasekura
House of Suns	author	Alastair Reynolds
Good Luck! Ninomiya-kun	author	Daisuke Suzuki
Growing Up Brady	author	Barry Williams with Chris Kreski
Growing Up Brady	author	Foreword by Robert Reed
Sun Storm	author	Åsa Larsson
A Place of Execution	author	Val McDermid
Paul of Dune	author	Brian Herbert and Kevin J. Anderson
Death Masks	author	Jim Butcher
Escape from Fire Mountain	author	Gary Paulsen
Majokko Tsukune-chan	author	Hiroaki Magari
Rodomonte's Revenge	author	Gary Paulsen
The Legend of Red Horse Cavern	author	Gary Paulsen
The Snack Thief	author	Andrea Camilleri
Anything But Straight	author	Wayne Besen
The Terracotta Dog	author	Andrea Camilleri
The Shape of Water	author	Andrea Camilleri
The Return	author	Håkan Nesser
The Blood Spilt	author	Åsa Larsson
Shame	author	Karin Alvtegen
The Whole Lesbian Sex Book	author	Felice Newman
Magic's Child	author	Justine Larbalestier
Magic Lessons	author	Justine Larbalestier
The Land	author	Mildred D. Taylor
Magic or Madness	author	Justine Larbalestier
Earth	author	Marie C. Farca
Scarlet Feather	author	Maeve Binchy
Enomoto: New Elements that Shake the World	author	Shunji Enomoto
Verdigris Deep	author	Frances Hardinge
Tales of Three Hemispheres	author	Edward Plunkett, 18th Baron Dunsany
Id Tech 5	author	Id Software
Cugel's Saga	author	Jack Vance
DailyTech	author	Kristopher Kubicki
Bruce Lee: The Man Only I Knew	author	Linda Lee Cadwell
Triton of the Sea	author	Osamu Tezuka
A Logic Named Joe	author	Murray Leinster
Bound for Glory	author	Woody Guthrie
The Broken Spears	author	Miguel León-Portilla
Blue Latitudes	author	Tony Horwitz
Soul Rush	author	Sophia Collier
The Pump House Gang	author	Tom Wolfe
Skin & Bones	author	Franklin W. Dixon
Oh! Edo Rocket	author	Kazuki Nakashima
Oh! Edo Rocket	author	Una Hamana
Daredevils	author	Franklin W. Dixon
A Will to Survive	author	Franklin W. Dixon
The Hunt for the Four Brothers	author	Franklin W. Dixon
The Shifting Sands	author	Emily Rodda
Den mörka sanningen	author	Margit Sandemo
Reclaiming History	author	Vincent Bugliosi
The King of the Copper Mountains	author	Paul Biegel
The Fox in the Attic	author	Richard Hughes
The Scarlet Plague	author	Jack London
Sons of Destiny	author	Darren Shan
The Candle in the Wind	author	T. H. White
Idiot Stick	author	Damon Knight
Forgotten Voices of the Great War	author	Max Arthur
Forgotten Voices of the Holocaust	author	Lyn Smith
Forgotten Voices of the Second World War	author	Max Arthur
Forgotten Voices of the Blitz and the Battle of Britain	author	Joshua Levine
Forgotten Voices of the Falklands	author	Hugh McManners
The Voice of the Violin	author	Andrea Camilleri
Excursion to Tindari	author	Andrea Camilleri
The Scent of the Night	author	Andrea Camilleri
Rounding the Mark	author	Andrea Camilleri
Pity Is Not Enough	author	Josephine Herbst
The Curious Sofa	author	Edward Gorey
My Life as a Fake	author	Peter Carey
The Story of Holly and Ivy	author	Rumer Godden
Ragged Dick	author	Horatio Alger Jr.
The Overlook	author	Michael Connelly
Immaterial	author	Rob Hood
Sword Song	author	Bernard Cornwell
Claudine at St.Clare's	author	Enid Blyton
You've Got to Have a Dream	author	Ian Bradley
Pop. 1280	author	Jim Thompson
The Witch of Portobello	author	Paulo Coelho
Stuff.co.nz	author	Independent Newspapers
Plausible Worlds	author	Geoffrey Hawthorn
Willa	author	Stephen King
The Gingerbread Girl	author	Stephen King
Tonto Basin	author	Zane Grey
Through a Glass, Clearly	author	Isaac Asimov
The Crack-Up	author	F. Scott Fitzgerald
Echo Park	author	Michael Connelly
Linphone	author	Belledonne Communications
The Road Not Taken	author	Harry Turtledove
A Little Learning	author	Evelyn Waugh
The Laws of Physics	author	Milton A. Rothman
A Ramble Round the Globe	author	Thomas Dewar
Skinner's Rules	author	Quintin Jardine
Skinner's Trail	author	Quintin Jardine
Pilgrims	author	Elizabeth Gilbert
Manliness	author	Harvey Mansfield
Out Stealing Horses	author	Per Petterson
The Tibetan Book of Living and Dying	author	Sogyal Rinpoche
Sunneva Jaarlintytär	author	Kaari Utrio
The Prisoner of Zhamanak	author	L. Sprague de Camp
Vehkalahden neidot	author	Kaari Utrio
Sunneva keisarin kaupungissa	author	Kaari Utrio
Portrait of M and N	author	Tachibana Higuchi
Kartanonherra ja kaunis Kirstin	author	Kaari Utrio
Viipurin kaunotar	author	Kaari Utrio
Aatelisneito, porvaristyttö	author	Kaari Utrio
Eva Luna	author	Isabel Allende
Peacemaker	author	James Swallow
The Pirate Loop	author	Simon Guerrier
Orphan at My Door	author	Jean Little
It's Superman!	author	Tom De Haven
Wishing Well	author	Trevor Baxendale
Skallagrigg	author	William Horwood
Kun nainen hallitsi, rakasti ja vihasi	author	Kaari Utrio
Wideacre	author	Philippa Gregory
The Iron Ring	author	Lloyd Alexander
People of the Wolf	author	W. Michael Gear
People of the Wolf	author	Kathleen O'Neal Gear
South Park and Philosophy: Bigger, Longer, and More Penetrating	author	Richard Hanley, editor
Future Diary	author	Sakae Esuno
Future Diary	author	Sakae Esuno
Pirkkalan pyhät pihlajat	author	Kaari Utrio
Pappilan neidot	author	Kaari Utrio
Rakas Henrietta	author	Kaari Utrio
Karjalan kruunu	author	Kaari Utrio
Rautalilja	author	Kaari Utrio
Neidontanssi	author	Kaari Utrio
East of Samarinda	author	Carl Richard Jacobi
Hons and Rebels	author	Jessica Mitford
Ruusulaakso	author	Kaari Utrio
Scarlet Riders	author	Various; Edited by Don Hutchison
Oxford Latin Dictionary	author	P.G.W. Glare
Lucky	author	Unknown ghost writer for Cecily von Ziegesar
Muhammad: A Prophet for Our Time	author	Karen Armstrong
Secret of the Sirens	author	Julia Golding
Toast: And Other Rusted Futures	author	Charles Stross
Girl, Missing	author	Sophie McKenzie
Anatomy of a Typeface	author	Alexander Lawson
The God Box	author	Alex Sánchez
Briar Rose	author	Jane Yolen
Strait Jacket	author	Ichirō Sakaki
The Adventure of Rock	author	Osamu Tezuka
Kensuke's Kingdom	author	Michael Morpurgo
Alabaster	author	Osamu Tezuka
Age of Adventure	author	Osamu Tezuka
Death at La Fenice	author	Donna Leon
Jack Wright	author	Noname
Hearitfirst.com	author	EMI Christian Music Group
Sun and Shadow	author	Åke Edwardson
Frozen Tracks	author	Åke Edwardson
Things That Fall from the Sky	author	Kevin Brockmeier
Instant Physics	author	Tony Rothman
The Jaguar Smile	author	Salman Rushdie
Six Days or Forever%3F	author	Ray Ginger
Fireworks: Nine Profane Pieces	author	Angela Carter
Muna Madan	author	Mahakavi Laxmi Prasad Devkota
Birth of a Salesman	author	P. G. Wodehouse
The Testament	author	Eric Van Lustbader
BeNews	author	Adrian Ziemkowski, Jamie Wilkinson, Shafer Stockton
Angel Gunfighter	author	Osamu Tezuka
The Computer Nut	author	Betsy Byars
Black Venus	author	Angela Carter
Porvarin morsian	author	Kaari Utrio
Riptide	author	Douglas Preston
Riptide	author	Lincoln Child
Angel's Hill	author	Osamu Tezuka
The Finishing Stroke	author	Ellery Queen
Birdman Anthology	author	Osamu Tezuka
Bomba!	author	Osamu Tezuka
Fablehaven: Rise of the Evening Star	author	Brandon Mull
Brave Dan	author	Osamu Tezuka
Disappearance	author	Judy Blundell
Critical Factor	author	Hal Clement
Zombie-Loan	author	Peach-Pit
The Franchise Affair	author	Josephine Tey
The House at Riverton	author	Kate Morton
Vendela	author	Kaari Utrio
Saint Seiya: Next Dimension	author	Masami Kurumada
Fire Candy	author	Natsuo Imamura
Sticky Wicket at Blandings	author	P. G. Wodehouse
A Tragic Legacy	author	Glenn Greenwald
Ai-Ren	author	Yutaka Tanaka
Encyclopedia Brunoniana	author	Martha Mitchell
Interventions	author	Noam Chomsky
Vanajan Joanna	author	Kaari Utrio
Vaskilintu	author	Kaari Utrio
Uhritulet	author	Kaari Utrio
Kuukiven kevät	author	Kaari Utrio
Adobe Director	author	Macromedia
Profit over People	author	Noam Chomsky
The Sky Crawlers	author	Hiroshi Mori
The Easter Parade	author	Richard Yates
Wilco: Learning How to Die	author	Greg Kot
Das Dritte Reich	author	Arthur Moeller van den Bruck
Miniatures Handbook	author	Jonathan Tweet, Mike Donais, Skaff Elias, and Rob Heinsoo
Spider Kiss	author	Harlan Ellison
Steve Marriott: All Too Beautiful...	author	Paolo Hewitt
Steve Marriott: All Too Beautiful...	author	John Hellier
Ophelia's Revenge	author	Rebecca Reisert
Calories	author	L. Sprague de Camp
The Days of His Grace	author	Eyvind Johnson
World Orders Old and New	author	Noam Chomsky
Brilliant Magic	author	Yukino Miyawaki
The Politics of Anti-Semitism	author	Alexander Cockburn
The Politics of Anti-Semitism	author	Jeffrey St. Clair
The Politics of Anti-Semitism	author	Michael Neumann
The Politics of Anti-Semitism	author	Lenni Brenner
The Politics of Anti-Semitism	author	Uri Avnery
The Politics of Anti-Semitism	author	Robert Fisk
The Politics of Anti-Semitism	author	Norman Finkelstein
The Politics of Anti-Semitism	author	Edward Said
Dogland	author	Will Shetterly
The Sinister Pig	author	Tony Hillerman
BayImg	author	The Pirate Bay
Slinky Malinki	author	Lynley Dodd
The Stork Club	author	Imogen Edwards-Jones
The Cat Who Wished to Be a Man	author	Lloyd Alexander
A Specimen of the Botany of New Holland	author	James Edward Smith
Hairy Maclary's Bone	author	Lynley Dodd
Slinky Malinki Open The Door	author	Lynley Dodd
Anthills of the Savannah	author	Chinua Achebe
Beyond the Gates of Dream	author	Lin Carter
Erak's Ransom	author	John Flanagan
The Gift	author	Alison Croggon
Tuulihaukka	author	Kaari Utrio
Indra's Net	author	Rajiv Malhotra
Travels in the Scriptorium	author	Paul Auster
Silencing Dissent	author	Clive Hamilton, Sarah Maddison
The Secret Battle	author	A. P. Herbert
Frisk	author	Dennis Cooper
Tribal Scars	author	Ousmane Sembène
Octopus Girl	author	Toru Yamazaki
Creatures of the Night	author	Sal Piro
Ripple	author	Simon Griffiths, Jehan Ratnatunga, Mack Nevill and Matthew Tilleard
Miss Temptation	author	Kurt Vonnegut
Scorcher: The Dirty Politics of Climate Change	author	Clive Hamilton
The Singing	author	Alison Croggon
Lost Worlds	author	Lin Carter
A Wrinkle in the Skin	author	Samuel Youd
The Luck of Roaring Camp	author	Bret Harte
The Adventures of Mao on the Long March	author	Frederic Tuten
The Mailroom: Hollywood History from the Bottom Up	author	David Rensin
An Introduction to the Study of Indian History	author	Damodar Dharmanand Kosambi
The Cross and the Switchblade	author	David Wilkerson
The Cross and the Switchblade	author	John and Elizabeth Sherrill
TerrSet	author	J. Ronald Eastman
More Ghost Stories	author	M. R. James
Canon Alberic's Scrap-Book	author	M.R. James
Captain Ken	author	Osamu Tezuka
Chief Detective Kenichi	author	Osamu Tezuka
The Fire Thief	author	Terry Deary
The Crater	author	Osamu Tezuka
Crime and Punishment	author	Osamu Tezuka
Skinner's Round	author	Quintin Jardine
The Story of San Michele	author	Axel Munthe
Strange Toys	author	Patricia Geary
Carter Beats the Devil	author	Glen David Gold
Enchanter	author	Izumi Kawachi
House of Meetings	author	Martin Amis
Emperor	author	Stephen Baxter
The Mildenhall Treasure	author	Roald Dahl
Corografia Brasílica	author	Manuel Aires de Casal
The Haunted Castle	author	Ruth Manning-Sanders
I-Juca-Pirama	author	Gonçalves Dias
Caramuru	author	Santa Rita Durão
Shugo Chara!	author	Peach-Pit
Kishin Taisen Gigantic Formula	author	Shōhei Oka
The Devil of the Earth	author	Osamu Tezuka
Diary of Ma-chan	author	Osamu Tezuka
Don Dracula	author	Osamu Tezuka
Dr. Thrill	author	Osamu Tezuka
Duke Goblin	author	Osamu Tezuka
The Xothic Legend Cycle: The Complete Mythos Fiction of Lin Carter	author	Lin Carter
Dragon Harper	author	Anne McCaffrey and Todd McCaffrey
Savage Messiah	author	Robert Newcomb
Innocent Bird	author	Hirotaka Kisaragi
Kiichi!!	author	Hideki Arai
DSM-5	author	American Psychiatric Association
The Endless Steppe	author	Esther Hautzig
Six Days of War	author	Michael Oren
When the Road Ends	author	Jean Thesman
Iisalmen serkku ja muita kertomuksia	author	Kaari Utrio
The Wolves of Willoughby Chase	author	Joan Aiken
Ruma kreivitär	author	Kaari Utrio
Saippuaprinsessa	author	Kaari Utrio
Ilkeät sisarpuolet	author	Kaari Utrio
Second Chance: Three Presidents and the Crisis of American Superpower	author	Zbigniew Brzezinski
The Man Who Ate the Phoenix	author	Edward Plunkett, 18th Baron Dunsany
The Magic of Atlantis	author	edited by  Lin Carter
Turnaround: Crisis, Leadership, and the Olympic Games	author	Mitt Romney
A Catalogue of Crime	author	*
A Catalogue of Crime	author	Jacques Barzun
A Catalogue of Crime	author	*Wendell Hertig Taylor
From the Holy Mountain	author	William Dalrymple
Death of a Dissident	author	Alex Goldfarb and Marina Litvinenko
The Age of Kali	author	William Dalrymple
Begums Thugs and White Mughals	author	Fanny Parkes
The Last Mughal	author	William Dalrymple
Beowulf and Grendel	author	John Grigsby
Majokko Tickle	author	Go Nagai
On the Banks of Plum Creek	author	Laura Ingalls Wilder
Fablehaven: Grip of the Shadow Plague	author	Brandon Mull
Rainforest	author	Jenny Diski
Confessions of Felix Krull	author	Thomas Mann
The Plague Court Murders	author	John Dickson Carr
The Plague Court Murders	author	writing as Carter Dickson
A Bridge to Wiseman's Cove	author	James Moloney
Umineko When They Cry	author	Ryukishi07
Umineko When They Cry	author	7
Beyond the Beyond	author	Yoshitomo Watanabe
The Dare Game	author	Jacqueline Wilson
The Day of the Owl	author	Leonardo Sciascia
The Third Life of Grange Copeland	author	Alice Walker
Jurassic Park Adventures: Survivor	author	Scott Ciencin
Jurassic Park Adventures: Prey	author	Scott Ciencin
Jurassic Park Adventures: Flyers	author	Scott Ciencin
Critique of Criminal Reason	author	Michael Gregorio
The Fire Eternal	author	Chris D'Lacey
Fire Star	author	Chris D'Lacey
The Far Side Gallery 5	author	Gary Larson
The Far Side Gallery 3	author	Gary Larson
The Far Side Gallery 2	author	Gary Larson
The Far Side Gallery	author	Gary Larson
The Pig Scrolls	author	Paul Shipton
The Swords of Zinjaban	author	L. Sprague de Camp and Catherine Crook de Camp
The Shattered Sphere	author	Roger MacBride Allen
Critical Path	author	R. Buckminster Fuller
Double Cross	author	James Patterson
Cultural Amnesia	author	Clive James
The Bones of Zora	author	L. Sprague de Camp and Catherine Crook de Camp
Amakusa 1637	author	Michiyo Akaishi
Wing-Man	author	Masakazu Katsura
The Politics of Bones	author	J. Timothy Hunt
The Edge of Evolution	author	Michael Behe
Old Rogaum and His Theresa	author	Theodore Dreiser
The Glass Books of the Dream Eaters	author	Gordon Dahlquist
Maureen Birnbaum, Barbarian Swordsperson	author	George Alec Effinger
A March into Darkness	author	Robert Newcomb
Pioneer, Go Home!	author	Richard P. Powell
The Pirates! in an Adventure with Napoleon	author	Gideon Defoe with Richard Murkin
Promise Me	author	Harlan Coben
Kon Kon Kokon	author	Koge-Donbo
Igraine the Brave	author	Cornelia Funke
Palace of Desire	author	Naguib Mahfouz
The Semantic Turn	author	Klaus Krippendorff
Beginning with a Bash	author	Phoebe Atwood Taylor
The Cut Direct	author	Phoebe Atwood Taylor
Cold Steal	author	Phoebe Atwood Taylor
The Left Leg	author	Phoebe Atwood Taylor
The Hollow Chest	author	Phoebe Atwood Taylor
File for Record	author	Phoebe Atwood Taylor
Dead Ernest	author	Phoebe Atwood Taylor
The Iron Clew	author	Phoebe Atwood Taylor
Murder at the New York World's Fair	author	Phoebe Atwood Taylor
Small Favor	author	Jim Butcher
The Hand in the Glove	author	Rex Stout
The Land of the Silver Apples	author	Nancy Farmer
Twisted Souls	author	Shaun Hutson
The Alchemyst: The Secrets of the Immortal Nicholas Flamel	author	Michael Scott
The Conan Chronicles, 2	author	Robert E. Howard
Eggs	author	Jerry Spinelli
JUCE	author	Jules Storer
Jorkens Borrows Another Whiskey	author	Edward Plunkett, 18th Baron Dunsany
The Dragon Waiting	author	John M. Ford
Mountain Cat	author	Rex Stout
Skinner's Ordeal	author	Quintin Jardine
The Far Shore of Time	author	Frederik Pohl
Saraband of Lost Time	author	Richard Grant
The Up-to-Date Sorcerer	author	Isaac Asimov
The Big Oyster: History on the Half Shell	author	Mark Kurlansky
On the Run	author	Nina Bawden
The Lincoln Lawyer	author	Michael Connelly
Maybe the Moon	author	Armistead Maupin
Little Pollon	author	Hideo Azuma
Skinner's Mission	author	Quintin Jardine
Benkei in New York	author	Jinpachi Mori
Bara no Tame ni	author	Akemi Yoshimura
Gallery Whispers	author	Quintin Jardine
Murmuring the Judges	author	Quintin Jardine
Skinner's Ghosts	author	Quintin Jardine
J.R.R. Tolkien Encyclopedia	author	Michael D. C. Drout, editor
Escape from Freedom	author	Erich Fromm
Jesus the Magician	author	Morton Smith
Star Wars: Darth Bane: Rule of Two	author	Drew Karpyshyn
Arthur's Teacher Trouble	author	Marc Brown
Odd Girl Out	author	Ann Bannon
Sail On! Sail On!	author	Philip José Farmer
I Am a Woman	author	Ann Bannon
Popular Science Predictions Exchange	author	Hollywood Stock Exchange
Women in the Shadows	author	Ann Bannon
Just Tricking!	author	Andy Griffiths
Girls of Riyadh	author	Rajaa Alsanea
Holy Wood	author	Marilyn Manson
The Patricide	author	Alexander Kazbegi
The Empty Chair	author	Jeffery Deaver
Irish Gold	author	Andrew M. Greeley
Irish Lace	author	Andrew M. Greeley
Irish Whiskey	author	Andrew M. Greeley
Irish Mist	author	Andrew M. Greeley
Irish Eyes	author	Andrew M. Greeley
Irish Stew!	author	Andrew M. Greeley
Irish Love	author	Andrew M. Greeley
Irish Cream	author	Andrew M. Greeley
Irish Crystal	author	Andrew M. Greeley
Irish Linen	author	Andrew M. Greeley
Beggars and Choosers	author	Nancy Kress
Newtons Sleep	author	Daniel O'Mahony
One Good Knight	author	Mercedes Lackey
Of Grammatology	author	Jacques Derrida
Kenkō Zenrakei Suieibu Umishō	author	Mitsuru Hattori
Starbook	author	Ben Okri
The Tenderness of Wolves	author	Stef Penney
A Storyteller in Zion	author	Orson Scott Card
Kai Lung's Golden Hours	author	Ernest Bramah
One of Our Thursdays is Missing	author	Jasper Fforde
Descent into Hell	author	Charles W. S. Williams
The Million-Year Centipede, or, Liquid Structures	author	Eckhard Gerdes
Vacation	author	Jeremy C. Shipp
The Last Empress	author	Anchee Min
Ghost Blows Out the Light	author	Zhang Muye
Journey to a Woman	author	Ann Bannon
Munto	author	Kyoto Animation
Death of a Doxy	author	Rex Stout
Battle Club	author	Yuji Shiozaki
The Stone of Laughter	author	Hoda Barakat
The Abstinence Teacher	author	Tom Perrotta
The Shield of Achilles: War, Peace, and the Course of History	author	Philip Bobbitt
Angel Light	author	Andrew M. Greeley
Grania: She-King of the Irish Seas	author	Morgan Llywelyn
Bi Any Other Name	author	Loraine Hutchins and Lani Ka'ahumanu
Monkey Girl	author	Edward Humes
The Pacific Between	author	Raymond K. Wong
Beebo Brinker	author	Ann Bannon
Penrod	author	Booth Tarkington
Our Day Out	author	Willy Russell
Command Decision	author	William Wister Haines
Fox on the Rhine	author	Michael Dobson and Douglas Niles
The Big Splash	author	Louis A. Frank
The Big Splash	author	Patrick Huyghe
Sayonara, Zetsubou-Sensei	author	Kōji Kumeta
The Wounded Sky	author	Diane Duane
Happy!	author	Naoki Urasawa
Black Sexual Politics: African Americans, Gender, and the New Racism	author	Patricia Hill Collins
GENESIS	author	Dr. James M. Bower
Perfect Match	author	Jodi Picoult
The Contortionist's Handbook	author	Craig Clevenger
Dermaphoria	author	Craig Clevenger
Demon Theory	author	Stephen Graham Jones
All the Beautiful Sinners	author	Stephen Graham Jones
The Fast Red Road: A Plainsong	author	Stephen Graham Jones
Kiss Me, Judas	author	Will Christopher Baer
A World Apart	author	Gustaw Herling-Grudziński
The Fifth Column and Four Stories of the Spanish Civil War	author	Ernest Hemingway
Mary, called Magdalene	author	Margaret George
Summer Knight	author	Jim Butcher
The Mother Hunt	author	Rex Stout
Papillon	author	Miwa Ueda
A Sea So Far	author	Jean Thesman
A Scourge of Screamers	author	Daniel F. Galouye
The Travel Tales of Mr. Joseph Jorkens	author	Edward Plunkett, 18th Baron Dunsany
Jorkens Has a Large Whiskey	author	Edward Plunkett, 18th Baron Dunsany
Jorkens Remembers Africa	author	Edward Plunkett, 18th Baron Dunsany
The Last Book of Jorkens	author	Edward Plunkett, 18th Baron Dunsany
Kure-nai	author	Kentarō Katayama
Laura	author	Vera Caspary
Burndive	author	Karin Lowachee
Dark Wind Blowing	author	Jackie French
Cagebird	author	Karin Lowachee
Platoon Leader	author	James R. McDonough
Rockin' Heaven	author	Mayu Sakai
Pranava-Vada of Gargyayana	author	Bhagavan Das
The Goose Girl	author	Shannon Hale
Enna Burning	author	Shannon Hale
Austenland	author	Shannon Hale
Princess Academy	author	Shannon Hale
Lady Molly of Scotland Yard	author	Baroness Orczy
The Fog	author	James Herbert
The Tangled Skein	author	Emma Orczy
River Secrets	author	Shannon Hale
Book of a Thousand Days	author	Shannon Hale
A Bride of the Plains	author	Baroness Orczy
A Tranquil Star	author	Primo Levi
Trading Up	author	Candace Bushnell
The Stone Monkey	author	Jeffery Deaver
Under the Jolly Roger	author	Louis A. Meyer
Greyhawk: The Adventure Begins	author	Roger E. Moore
What Has Government Done to Our Money%3F	author	Murray N. Rothbard
The Left Hand of God	author	Michael Lerner
Faust	author	Osamu Tezuka
Pownce	author	Kevin Rose
Pownce	author	Leah Culver
Pownce	author	Daniel Burka
Drakarna över Helsingfors	author	Kjell Westö
Devil May Care	author	Sebastian Faulks
Blade of Fire	author	Stuart Hill
The Last Children of Schewenborn	author	Gudrun Pausewang
Fall of a Kingdom	author	Hilari Bell
Bitter Lemons	author	Lawrence Durrell
Đại Việt sử ký toàn thư	author	Ngô Sĩ Liên
Roadfood	author	Jane and Michael Stern
A Sheaf of Bluebells	author	Baroness Orczy
My Swordhand Is Singing	author	Marcus Sedgwick
Twelve Bar Blues	author	Patrick Neate
Fire in Stubble	author	Baroness Orczy
Seeing	author	José Saramago
The Film Lives On	author	Osamu Tezuka
Zetsubō ni Kiku Kusuri	author	Reiji Yamada
Now I Can Die in Peace	author	Bill Simmons
Homicide Trinity	author	Rex Stout
Mod openpgp	author	Arturo 'Buanzo' Busleiman
Before I Wake	author	Robert Wiersema
The Mexican	author	Jack London
Code: The Hidden Language of Computer Hardware and Software	author	Charles Petzold
Changeling: The Autobiography of Mike Oldfield	author	Mike Oldfield
Rogue Ship	author	A. E. van Vogt
By the Gods Beloved	author	Baroness Orczy
Omnipotent Government	author	Ludwig von Mises
Saturn's Children	author	Alan Duncan and Dominic Hobson
The Heart of a Woman	author	Baroness Orczy
The J. R. R. Tolkien Companion and Guide	author	Wayne G. Hammond and Christina Scull
Rising Tide	author	Jean Thesman
Sekirei	author	Ashika Sakura
The Honourable Jim	author	Baroness Orczy
Junk: Record of the Last Hero	author	Kia Asamiya
The Little Tales of Smethers and Other Stories	author	Edward Plunkett, 18th Baron Dunsany
The Dark River	author	John Twelve Hawks
	author	Steve Almond
Wasā'il al-Shīʿa	author	Shaikh al-Hur al-Aamili
The Sons of Heaven	author	Kage Baker
The Spiraling Worm	author	David Conyers and John Sunseri
Assemblers of Infinity	author	Kevin J. Anderson
Assemblers of Infinity	author	Doug Beason
The Fire Pony	author	Rodman Philbrick
A Swift Pure Cry	author	Siobhan Dowd
Through Wolf's Eyes	author	Jane Lindskold
Hidden	author	Steven Savile
On Royalty	author	Jeremy Paxman
The Sixth Day and Other Tales	author	Primo Levi
Probability Moon	author	Nancy Kress
Bōken Shōnen	author	Mitsuru Adachi
Triveni	author	Gulzar
The Clements Checklist of Birds of the World	author	James F. Clements
Boy Culture	author	Matthew Rettenmund
Brain Gender	author	Melissa Hines
'48	author	James Herbert
Four Shōjo Stories	author	Moto Hagio
Four Shōjo Stories	author	Keiko Nishi
Four Shōjo Stories	author	Shio Satō
La Dentellière	author	Pascal Lainé
Ecotopia Emerging	author	Ernest Callenbach
The Insider's Guide to the Colleges	author	Yale Daily News
The Thing in the Crypt	author	L. Sprague de Camp and Lin Carter
What to Expect When You're Expecting	author	Heidi Murkoff & Sharon Mazel
Once	author	Morris Gleitzman
Probability Sun	author	Nancy Kress
Fox's Feud	author	Colin Dann
Bert Fegg's Nasty Book for Boys and Girls	author	Terry Jones and Michael Palin
Cauldron	author	Larry Bond
Cauldron	author	Patrick Larkin
Strange Highways	author	Dean Koontz
Kingdom of Shadows	author	Alan Furst
Oil for the Lamps of China	author	Alice Tisdale Hobart
Kurohime	author	Masanori Ookamigumi Katakura
Thy Neighbor's Wife	author	Gay Talese
Liberalism	author	Ludwig von Mises
Son of Godfather	author	Osamu Tezuka
Suspicion	author	Osamu Tezuka
The Thief Akikazu Inoue	author	Osamu Tezuka
Mémoires d'Outre-Tombe	author	François-René de Chateaubriand
Cosmic Jackpot	author	Paul Davies
Tales from the Secret Annex	author	Anne Frank
Alice on Deadlines	author	Shiro Ihara
The Indestructible Man	author	Simon Messingham
Active Directory Explorer	author	Mark Russinovich
Active Directory Explorer	author	Microsoft
Meadowsweet	author	Baroness Orczy
Ghosts	author	John Banville
The Truce	author	Primo Levi
Petticoat Government	author	Baroness Orczy
The Tent	author	Gary Paulsen
Fifty Poems	author	Edward Plunkett, 18th Baron Dunsany
Tunnels	author	Roderick Gordon
Tunnels	author	Brian Williams
Journey to Ixtlan	author	Carlos Castaneda
The Voice of Memory	author	Primo Levi
A Universal History of Infamy	author	Jorge Luis Borges
Socialism	author	Ludwig von Mises
Random Acts of Senseless Violence	author	Jack Womack
Computer and Internet Protocol Address Verifier	author	Federal Bureau of Investigation
Seventeen	author	Booth Tarkington
Inconceivable	author	Ben Elton
Dragons of the Highlord Skies	author	Tracy Hickman and Margaret Weis
To Hell and Back	author	Audie Murphy
The Cosmic Serpent	author	Jeremy Narby
Mr. Monk and the Two Assistants	author	Lee Goldberg
Divorce your Car!	author	Katie Alvord
Yellow Dog	author	Martin Amis
Wide is the Gate	author	Upton Sinclair
Presidential Agent	author	Upton Sinclair
One Clear Call	author	Upton Sinclair
Dragon Harvest	author	Upton Sinclair
Presidential Mission	author	Upton Sinclair
The Return of Lanny Budd	author	Upton Sinclair
O Shepherd, Speak!	author	Upton Sinclair
The Suicide Club	author	Robert Louis Stevenson
Going to Meet the Man	author	James Baldwin
The Rajah's Diamond	author	Robert Louis Stevenson
The Evolution of Physics	author	Albert Einstein and Leopold Infeld
An Examination of the Work of Herbert Quain	author	Jorge Luis Borges
Compulsion	author	Shaun Hutson
The Sect of the Phoenix	author	Jorge Luis Borges
The Fossil Island	author	Osamu Tezuka
Grand Dolls	author	Osamu Tezuka
Gringo	author	Osamu Tezuka
Gum Gum Punch	author	Osamu Tezuka
The Book of Dead Days	author	Marcus Sedgwick
Insatiable	author	Valérie Tasso
Digital Darkroom	author	* Ed Bomke\n*
Digital Darkroom	author	Don Cone
Terraplane	author	Jack Womack
Elvissey	author	Jack Womack
Tears to Tiara	author	Shirometsukusa
Master of Mosquiton	author	*
Master of Mosquiton	author	Satoru Akahori
Master of Mosquiton	author	Hiroshi Negishi
As for Me and My House	author	Sinclair Ross
The Absolute	author	K. A. Applegate
The Sacrifice	author	K. A. Applegate
The Ellimist Chronicles	author	K. A. Applegate
The Hork-Bajir Chronicles	author	K. A. Applegate
Elliott Smith	author	Autumn de Wilde
White Line Fever	author	Lemmy with Janiss Garza
The Circuit: Stories from the Life of a Migrant Child	author	Francisco Jiménez
Elfsorrow	author	James Barclay
When Heaven and Earth Changed Places	author	Le Ly Hayslip with Jay Wurts
Mistress Pat	author	Lucy Maud Montgomery
Monster Soul	author	Hiro Mashima
Instead of Three Wishes: Magical Short Stories	author	Megan Whalen Turner
Revenge of the Judoon	author	Terrance Dicks
Principles of Political Economy	author	John Stuart Mill
Children's Past Lives	author	Carol Bowman
Land of the Headless	author	Adam Roberts
Year's Best SF	author	Edited by David G. Hartwell
Year's Best SF 2	author	Edited by David G. Hartwell
Year's Best SF 3	author	Edited by David G. Hartwell
Mainspring	author	Jay Lake
Down the Rabbit Hole	author	Peter Abrahams
Zombie Bums from Uranus	author	Andy Griffiths
Year's Best SF 4	author	Edited by David G. Hartwell
Year's Best SF 5	author	Edited by David G. Hartwell
Letters from Rifka	author	Karen Hesse
Year's Best SF 12	author	Edited by David G. Hartwell and Kathryn Cramer
Behind the Curtain	author	Peter Abrahams
A Garden of Pomegranates	author	Israel Regardie
Year's Best SF 6	author	Edited by David G. Hartwell
Year's Best SF 7	author	Edited by David G. Hartwell and Kathryn Cramer
Year's Best SF 8	author	Edited by David G. Hartwell and Kathryn Cramer
Year's Best SF 9	author	Edited by David G. Hartwell and Kathryn Cramer
Year's Best SF 10	author	Edited by David G. Hartwell and Kathryn Cramer
Year's Best SF 11	author	Edited by David G. Hartwell and Kathryn Cramer
Storming Heaven	author	Denise Giardina
Radical Chic & Mau-Mauing the Flak Catchers	author	Tom Wolfe
Aye, and Gomorrah, and other stories	author	Samuel R. Delany
The Rock Jockeys	author	Gary Paulsen
Danger on Midnight River	author	Gary Paulsen
The Forger	author	Paul Watkins
Hook 'Em Snotty!	author	Gary Paulsen
The Gorgon Slayer	author	Gary Paulsen
Captive!	author	Gary Paulsen
The World Without Us	author	Alan Weisman
The Politics of Truth	author	Joseph C. Wilson
Bleed Into Me	author	Stephen Graham Jones
The Bird is Gone: A Manifesto	author	Stephen Graham Jones
Soon I Will Be Invincible	author	Austin Grossman
Touch Me	author	James Moloney
Inu Neko Jump!	author	Mitsuru Hattori
Clang	author	Chris Lattner and others
The Dragon on the Bookshelf	author	Harlan Ellison
The Dragon on the Bookshelf	author	Robert Silverberg
Disturbing the Peace	author	Richard Yates
A Right to Die	author	Rex Stout
Completely Fair Scheduler	author	Ingo Molnár
The Defiant	author	Shalom Yoran
Astounding: John W. Campbell Memorial Anthology	author	edited by Harry Harrison
Black Sheep Astray	author	Mack Reynolds
Breakheart Pass	author	Alistair MacLean
Puppet on a Chain	author	Alistair MacLean
Artamène	author	Madeleine de Scudéry and/or Georges de Scudéry
Wolf of the Plains	author	Conn Iggulden
Gifts of Unknown Things	author	Lyall Watson
Void Moon	author	Michael Connelly
Wild Fire	author	Nelson DeMille
The End of America: Letter of Warning to a Young Patriot	author	Naomi Wolf
Britain's Everyday Heroes	author	Gordon Brown
Unravelled Knots	author	Baroness Orczy
The Venom Trees of Sunga	author	L. Sprague de Camp
English Botany	author	James Edward Smith
Sold	author	Patricia McCormick
The Crystal Frontier	author	Carlos Fuentes
Brothers	author	Gordon R. Dickson
Cham	author	Jonathan Trigell
The Watertower	author	Gary Crew
The Secret Servant	author	Daniel Silva
Prince of Fire	author	Daniel Silva
Project – A Perfect World	author	Gary Paulsen
Revelation	author	Flannery O'Connor
Dead Run	author	P. J. Tracy
Babyhood	author	Paul Reiser
Auschwitz Report	author	Primo Levi and Leonardo de Benedetti
Adrift on the Nile	author	Naguib Mahfouz
The Year's Best Fantasy Stories: 2	author	Lin Carter
The Farewell Waltz	author	Milan Kundera
The Year's Best Fantasy Stories: 3	author	Lin Carter
The Year's Best Fantasy Stories: 4	author	Lin Carter
Penrod Jashber	author	Booth Tarkington
The Year's Best Fantasy Stories: 6	author	Lin Carter
The Year's Best Fantasy Stories: 5	author	Lin Carter
Going to Ground	author	Ali Sparkes
Leviathan and the Air-Pump	author	Steven Shapin and Simon Schaffer
Futures Past	author	Edited by Jack Dann and Gardner Dozois
Beyond Singularity	author	Edited by Jack Dann and Gardner Dozois
Robots	author	Edited by Jack Dann and Gardner Dozois
Oyster	author	Janette Turner Hospital
Death and the Compass	author	Jorge Luis Borges
Escape	author	David McMillan
Children of Magic Moon	author	Wolfgang Hohlbein
Children of Magic Moon	author	Heike Hohlbein
Whatever Happened to Sarah Jane%3F	author	Rupert Laight
Eye of the Gorgon	author	Phil Ford
Warriors of Kudlak	author	Gary Russell
The Lost Boy	author	Phil Ford
Journal of a Novel	author	John Steinbeck
March Comes in like a Lion	author	Chica Umino
The Year's Best Fantasy Stories: 7	author	Arthur W. Saha
The Year's Best Fantasy Stories: 8	author	Arthur W. Saha
Eifelheim	author	Michael Flynn
A Hero Ain't Nothin' but a Sandwich	author	Alice Childress
Magic for Beginners	author	Kelly Link
The Real Frank Zappa Book	author	Frank Zappa, Peter Occhiogrosso
The Gentle Falcon	author	Hilda Lewis
The Second World War	author	Winston Churchill and assistants
A Short History of the World	author	Geoffrey Blainey
Shigurui	author	Takayuki Yamaguchi
People of the Sea	author	W. Michael Gear
People of the Sea	author	Kathleen O'Neal Gear
The Year's Best Fantasy Stories: 10	author	Arthur W. Saha
The Year's Best Fantasy Stories: 11	author	Arthur W. Saha
The Year's Best Fantasy Stories: 9	author	Arthur W. Saha
The Hollow Man	author	Dan Simmons
The Year's Best Fantasy Stories: 12	author	Arthur W. Saha
The Year's Best Fantasy Stories: 13	author	Arthur W. Saha
The Year's Best Fantasy Stories: 14	author	Arthur W. Saha
Seeing Redd	author	Frank Beddor
Ranald Bannerman's Boyhood	author	George MacDonald
The Illusion	author	K. A. Applegate
Henry Huggins	author	Beverly Cleary
Tersias	author	Graham P. Taylor
The Shadowmancer Returns: The Curse of Salamander Street	author	Graham Taylor
Rubicon: The Last Years of the Roman Republic	author	Tom Holland
Hatyapuri	author	Satyajit Ray
The Royal Abbey of Saint-Denis	author	Sumner McKnight Crosby
The Search for Roots	author	Primo Levi
Camp X	author	Eric Walters
Bedelia	author	Vera Caspary
To-y	author	Atsushi Kamijo
The Anybodies	author	Julianna Baggott
Soul Eater	author	Atsushi Ōkubo
The Sirens of Surrentum	author	Caroline Lawrence
Getting to Know You	author	David Marusek
A fekete város	author	Kálmán Mikszáth
Fates of Nations	author	Paul A. Colinvaux
Emus Can't Walk Backwards	author	Robert Anwood
Island	author	Richard Laymon
Blood Games	author	Richard Laymon
Train+Train	author	Hideyuki Kurata
Train+Train	author	Hideyuki Kurata
Flora Londinensis	author	William Curtis
The Twelve Kingdoms: Sea of Shadow	author	Fuyumi Ono
Off Armageddon Reef	author	David Weber
By Schism Rent Asunder	author	David Weber
White Eagle, Red Star	author	Norman Davies
The Final Passage	author	Caryl Phillips
Ingo	author	Helen Dunmore
Relentless	author	Simon Kernick
Sonnet	author	KDE
Unmarked Graves	author	Shaun Hutson
MySQL Federated	author	Patrick Galbraith, Brian Aker
Dangerous Games	author	Edited by Jack Dann and Gardner Dozois
Off Limits	author	Edited by Ellen Datlow
The Burning Court	author	John Dickson Carr
Magical × Miracle	author	Yuzu Mizutani
The Green Snake and the Beautiful Lily	author	Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Sten Adventures Book 5: Revenge of the Damned	author	Chris Bunch and Allan Cole
Sten Adventures Book 6: The Return of the Emperor	author	Chris Bunch and Allan Cole
Sten Adventures Book 7: Vortex	author	Chris Bunch and Allan Cole
Sten Adventures Book 8: Empire's End	author	Chris Bunch and Allan Cole
The Lost Special	author	Arthur Conan Doyle
Doomed Queen Anne	author	Carolyn Meyer
Young Royals	author	Carolyn Meyer
Everybody Loves a Good Drought	author	P. Sainath
Finder	author	Emma Bull
Runcible Jones: The Gate to Nowhere	author	Ian Irvine
Runcible Jones: The Buried City	author	Ian Irvine
4chan	author	Christopher Poole
The Pirates of Manhattan	author	Barry Dyke
Moral Minds	author	Marc D. Hauser
Mutants in Orbit	author	James Wallis
Mutants in Orbit	author	Kevin Siembieda
The Book of Lies	author	James Moloney
Master of the Books	author	James Moloney
Web of the City	author	Harlan Ellison
That Only a Mother	author	Judith Merril
The Dreaming Void	author	Peter F. Hamilton
Spirit Warrior	author	Makoto Ogino
Spirit Warrior	author	Makoto Ogino
Half Life	author	Shelley Jackson
Fall in Love Like a Comic!	author	Chitose Yagami
Yurara	author	Chika Shiomi
High School Debut	author	Kazune Kawahara
Spinneret	author	Timothy Zahn
The Temporal Void	author	Peter F. Hamilton
The Winter Prince	author	Elizabeth Wein
Sophie Pitt-Turnbull Discovers America	author	Dyan Sheldon
Alms for Jihad	author	J. Millard Burr and Robert O. Collins
Great Kings' War	author	John F. Carr and Roland Green
Kalvan Kingmaker	author	John F. Carr
Siege of Tarr-Hostigos	author	John F. Carr
Fear No Evil	author	Natan Sharansky
Tessa	author	Margit Sandemo
I riddarnas spår	author	Margit Sandemo
The Ten Teacups	author	John Dickson Carr
Historical Thesaurus of the Oxford English Dictionary	author	Christian Kay, Jane Roberts, Michael Samuels, and Irené Wotherspoon
Renovation of the Heart	author	Dallas Willard
The Brain That Changes Itself	author	Norman Doidge
Cop This!	author	Chris Nyst
The Ogre Downstairs	author	Diana Wynne Jones
Ball Four	author	Jim Bouton
P2! -let's Play Pingpong!-	author	Tatsuma Ejiri
The New Traveller's Almanac	author	Alan Moore
Penrod and Sam	author	Booth Tarkington
Allan and the Sundered Veil	author	Alan Moore
Pugyuru	author	Tohiro Konno
The Last Encounter	author	C. S. Forester
The Clean Tech Revolution	author	Ron Pernick
The Clean Tech Revolution	author	Clint Wilder
List of Mr. Men	author	Roger Hargreaves
List of Mr. Men	author	Adam Hargreaves
List of Mr. Men	author	Roger Hargreaves
Simple Genius	author	David Baldacci
The Essential Gandhi	author	Mahatma Gandhi
The Essential Gandhi	author	Eknath Easwaran
Blue Drop	author	Akihito Yoshitomi
The Discarded Image	author	C. S. Lewis
Ballet Shoes	author	Noel Streatfeild
Between Pacific Tides	author	Edward F. Ricketts, Jack Calvin
Idol Ace	author	Mitsuru Adachi
Underground	author	Suelette Dreyfus
The Closet of the Eminently Learned Sir Kenelme Digbie Kt. Opened	author	Sir Kenelm Digby
Le Jour des fourmis	author	Bernard Werber
Dissolution	author	C. J. Sansom
Vargens lilla lamm	author	Margit Sandemo
The Book of Renfield	author	Tim Lucas
Protostars	author	edited by  David Gerrold and Stephen Goldin
Dark Fire	author	C. J. Sansom
Yeah, I Said It	author	Wanda Sykes
Axis	author	Robert Charles Wilson
The Black Hole of Auschwitz	author	Primo Levi edited by Marco Belpoliti
Liar Game	author	Shinobu Kaitani
Collected Poems	author	Primo Levi
My Boring Ass Life	author	Kevin Smith
The Battle for Bond	author	Robert Sellers
A More Perfect Constitution	author	Larry Sabato
The End of the Line: How Overfishing Is Changing the World and What We Eat	author	Charles Clover
Out of the Everywhere	author	Isaac Asimov
Delicious!	author	Miyuki Kobayashi
Delicious!	author	Yui Ayumi
Bows against the Barons	author	Geoffrey Trease
Autism: Explaining the Enigma	author	Uta Frith
I nattens tystnad	author	Margit Sandemo
The Streets of Ashkelon	author	Harry Harrison
The Journeyer	author	Gary Jennings
The Beekeeper's Apprentice	author	Laurie R. King
Ano Ko ni 1000%25	author	Miyuki Kitagawa
Fascinating Womanhood	author	Helen Andelin
Mauve Gloves & Madmen, Clutter & Vine	author	Tom Wolfe
Sickened	author	Julie Gregory
CORSIKA	author	Dieter Heck
CORSIKA	author	Tanguy Pierog
CORSIKA	author	Institut für Kernphysik
CORSIKA	author	Forschungszentrum Karlsruhe
CORSIKA	author	Germany
CORSIKA	author	Johannes Knapp
CORSIKA	author	Department of Physics and Astronomy
CORSIKA	author	University of Leeds
CORSIKA	author	England
Blindsight	author	Peter Watts
The Proposal	author	K. A. Applegate
An Antarctic Mystery	author	Jules Verne
Aoi-chan Panic!	author	Izumi Takemoto
Ellison Wonderland	author	Harlan Ellison
EBird	author	Cornell Lab of Ornithology
Mind Fields	author	Harlan Ellison
Shatterday	author	Harlan Ellison
Voice of the Whirlwind	author	Walter Jon Williams
Hardwired	author	Walter Jon Williams
Ohayō! Spank	author	Shun'ichi Yukimuro
Mr. Sebastian and the Negro Magician	author	Daniel Wallace
Brittle Power	author	Amory B. Lovins
Brittle Power	author	Hunter Lovins
The Day After Judgment	author	James Blish
Bazaar of the Bizarre	author	Fritz Leiber
Slippage	author	Harlan Ellison
The Prophecy	author	K. A. Applegate
The Mutation	author	K. A. Applegate
Gladiator-At-Law	author	Frederik Pohl and Cyril M. Kornbluth
A Demon of Our Own Design	author	Richard Bookstaber
Love, Stargirl	author	Jerry Spinelli
Freedom and the Law	author	Bruno Leoni
Beyond Belief: Islamic Excursions among the Converted Peoples	author	V. S. Naipaul
Dog Wizard	author	Barbara Hambly
The Slave Community	author	John Wesley Blassingame
The Incomparable Atuk	author	Mordechai Richler
The Arrival	author	K. A. Applegate
Girl with a Pearl Earring	author	Tracy Chevalier
One More for the Road	author	Ray Bradbury
Yume Yume Yu Yu	author	Pink Hanamori
Lguest	author	Rusty Russell
Lone Star Dinosaurs	author	Louis L. Jacobs
Fair Game: My Life as a Spy, My Betrayal by the White House	author	Valerie Plame
The Siege of Mecca	author	Yaroslav Trofimov
The Abyss	author	Marguerite Yourcenar
The Treasure of El Patron	author	Gary Paulsen
Skydive!	author	Gary Paulsen
The Seventh Crystal	author	Gary Paulsen
The Creature of Black Water Lake	author	Gary Paulsen
Time Benders	author	Gary Paulsen
Fire Bringer	author	David Clement-Davies
L'Ingénu	author	Voltaire
The Mirror Maker	author	Primo Levi
The Writer and the World: Essays	author	V. S. Naipaul
The Masked Rider: Cycling in West Africa	author	Neil Peart
My Holocaust	author	Tova Reich
Extremes	author	Kristine Kathryn Rusch
The Brass Check	author	Upton Sinclair
The Emperor's Children	author	Claire Messud
Fair and Tender Ladies	author	Lee Smith
The Unquiet Earth	author	Denise Giardina
Puffball	author	Fay Weldon
Possessing the Secret of Joy	author	Alice Walker
File Under Popular	author	Chris Cutler
Grizzly	author	Gary Paulsen
Thunder Valley	author	Gary Paulsen
Flight of the Hawk	author	Gary Paulsen
Curse of the Ruins	author	Gary Paulsen
The Last Testament of Oscar Wilde	author	Peter Ackroyd
God Created the Integers	author	Stephen Hawking
Senrid	author	Sherwood Smith
The Mystic Masseur	author	V. S. Naipaul
The Scarlet Fig	author	Avram Davidson
The Bastard	author	John Jakes
Drow of the Underdark	author	Ed Greenwood
Drow of the Underdark	author	Ari Marmell
Drow of the Underdark	author	Anthony Pryor
Drow of the Underdark	author	Robert J. Schwalb
Drow of the Underdark	author	& Greg A. Vaughan
The Burning Tigris	author	Peter Balakian
I Was Dora Suarez	author	Derek Raymond
The Teahouse Fire	author	Ellis Avery
The Age of Turbulence	author	Alan Greenspan
WikiScanner	author	Virgil Griffith
The Scorpion's Gate	author	Richard A. Clarke
Approaching Oblivion	author	Harlan Ellison
If Democrats Had Any Brains, They'd Be Republicans	author	Ann Coulter
A White Heron	author	Sarah Orne Jewett
Crown Duel	author	Sherwood Smith
Theme of the Traitor and the Hero	author	Jorge Luis Borges
Croket!	author	Manavu Kashimoto
Espnstar.com	author	ESPN Star Sports
L'Étudiante	author	Vanessa Duriès
Deathstalker Rebellion	author	Simon R Green
Deathstalker War	author	Simon R Green
Kage Gari	author	Takao Saito
Deathstalker Destiny	author	Simon R Green
Deathstalker Honour	author	Simon R Green
Intelligence in Nature	author	Jeremy Narby
Galaxiki	author	Jos Kirps & Joopita Research a.s.b.l
Shakespeare's Memory	author	Jorge Luis Borges
The Shadow Kingdom	author	Robert E. Howard
The World Is Not Enough	author	Raymond Benson
The Two Kings and the Two Labyrinths	author	Jorge Luis Borges
Rome Burning	author	Sophia McDougall
The Septembers of Shiraz	author	Dalia Sofer
Banquets of the Black Widowers	author	Isaac Asimov
With Folded Hands	author	Jack Williamson
The Writing of the God	author	Jorge Luis Borges
The Art of Memory	author	Frances A. Yates
Gli Asolani	author	Pietro Bembo
Casebook of the Black Widowers	author	Isaac Asimov
More Tales of the Black Widowers	author	Isaac Asimov
Puzzles of the Black Widowers	author	Isaac Asimov
The Return of the Black Widowers	author	Isaac Asimov
Lettin' It All Hang Out	author	RuPaul
The Journey	author	K. A. Applegate
The Familiar	author	K. A. Applegate
Exit Music	author	Ian Rankin
The Dogs of Babel	author	Carolyn Parkhurst
Shopgirl	author	Steve Martin
The Civilization of the Renaissance in Italy	author	Jacob Burckhardt
Life: A Natural History of the First Four Billion Years of Life on Earth	author	Richard Fortey
Flora Graeca	author	John Sibthorp
Flora Graeca	author	James Edward Smith
The Dead Man	author	Jorge Luis Borges
Ulrikke	author	Jorge Luis Borges
The Wait	author	Jorge Luis Borges
The Other	author	Jorge Luis Borges
The Encounter	author	Jorge Luis Borges
The Name of the Wind	author	Patrick Rothfuss
Nothing to Lose	author	Lee Child
The Unexpected	author	K. A. Applegate
The Test	author	K. A. Applegate
The Palace of Laughter	author	Jon Berkeley
Regarding the Pain of Others	author	Susan Sontag
AIDS and Its Metaphors	author	Susan Sontag
Where the Stress Falls	author	Susan Sontag
Funding Evil	author	Rachel Ehrenfeld
Sir Harold and the Gnome King	author	L. Sprague de Camp
The Art of Cricket	author	Sir Donald Bradman
Trevayne	author	Jonathan Ryder
Middle Class Millionaire	author	Russ Alan Prince and Lewis Schiff
Rose Hip Zero	author	Tohru Fujisawa
Barbarians Led by Bill Gates	author	Marlin Eller, Jennifer Edstrom
The Memoirs of Naim Bey	author	Aram Andonian
The Revelation	author	K. A. Applegate
American Hardcore: A Tribal History	author	Steven Blush
Vulcan's Glory	author	D.C. Fontana
The Union Club Mysteries	author	Isaac Asimov
Giordano Bruno and the Hermetic Tradition	author	Frances A. Yates
Mistborn: The Well of Ascension	author	Brandon Sanderson
Mediabistro	author	Laurel Touby
Sarny	author	Gary Paulsen
From Wimbledon to Waco	author	Nigel Williams
Explore Evolution	author	Stephen C. Meyer, Scott Minnich, Jonathan Moneymaker,  Paul A. Nelson, and Ralph Seelke
Over Drive	author	Yasuda Tsuyoshi
Foxmail	author	Zhang Xiaolong
The Wages of Destruction	author	Adam Tooze
The Ungodly Farce	author	Svend Aage Madsen
The Flames: A Fantasy	author	Olaf Stapledon
The Haunter of the Ring	author	Robert E. Howard
Qmodem	author	John Friel III
If You Could See Me Now	author	Peter Straub
By the Shores of Silver Lake	author	Laura Ingalls Wilder
Little Town on the Prairie	author	Laura Ingalls Wilder
These Happy Golden Years	author	Laura Ingalls Wilder
Farmer Boy	author	Laura Ingalls Wilder
Christ the Lord: The Road to Cana	author	Anne Rice
Dragonhaven	author	Robin McKinley
Code-E	author	Ichirō Sakaki
Back Home	author	Michelle Magorian
Juedai Shuangjiao	author	Gu Long
EAS3	author	Inst. f. Aero- & Gasdynamik
Translucent	author	Kazuhiro Okamoto
Not the End of the World	author	Geraldine McCaughrean
The Road of Dreams	author	Agatha Christie
The Door Between	author	Ellery Queen
The End of Work	author	Jeremy Rifkin
The Last Canadian	author	William C. Heine
The Hollow Men	author	Nicky Hager
Three Days Before the Shooting...	author	Ralph Ellison
Three Days Before the Shooting...	author	Edited by John F. Callahan and Adam Bradley
Principles of Economics	author	Alfred Marshall
Jango	author	William Nicholson
Lahore: A Sentimental Journey	author	Pran Nevile
Nautch Girls of India	author	Pran Nevile
Out of Time	author	Caroline B. Cooney
Enemies: How America's Foes Steal Our Vital Secrets – And How We Let It Happen	author	Bill Gertz
The Kurosagi Corpse Delivery Service	author	Eiji Ōtsuka
Postcards from No Man's Land	author	Aidan Chambers
Le Lys dans la vallée	author	Honoré de Balzac
The Narrows	author	Michael Connelly
The Bible with Sources Revealed	author	Richard Elliott Friedman
Elminster – The Making of a Mage	author	Ed Greenwood
Picture Perfect	author	Jodi Picoult
The Recipe for Gertrude	author	Nari Kusakawa
Professor Martens' Departure	author	Jaan Kross
Crystal Dragon	author	Yuho Ashibe
The Seekers	author	John Jakes
A Midsummer's Nightmare	author	Garry Kilworth
Wanderlust	author	Steve Winter and Mary Kirchoff
InterWorld	author	Neil Gaiman and Michael Reaves
Accordion Crimes	author	E. Annie Proulx
Murphy's Gold	author	Gary Paulsen
Murphy's Herd	author	Gary Paulsen
Genju no Seiza	author	Matsuri Akino
Murphy's War	author	Gary Paulsen
Josh	author	Ivan Southall
Catalyst Code	author	David S. Evans
Catalyst Code	author	Richard L. Schmalensee
The Spaceship Graveyard	author	Colin Brake
Wolves	author	Emily Gravett
Murphy's Ambush	author	Gary Paulsen
Murphy's Ambush	author	Brian Burks
Murphy's Trail	author	Gary Paulsen
Murphy's Trail	author	Brian Burks
The Enemies of Jupiter	author	Caroline Lawrence
Pornified	author	Pamela Paul
Storm	author	Kevin Crossley-Holland
Ginger	author	Charlotte Voake
Smile!	author	Geraldine McCaughrean
Ug	author	Raymond Briggs
Conquerors'	author	Timothy Zahn
Spangle	author	Gary Jennings
Miranda	author	Antoni Lange
Term Limits	author	Vince Flynn
A Gesture Life	author	Chang-Rae Lee
J. R. R. Tolkien: Author of the Century	author	Tom Shippey
Chi's Sweet Home	author	Kanata Konami
Murphy's Stand	author	Gary Paulsen
Murphy's Stand	author	Brian Burks
The Assassin's Song	author	M. G. Vassanji
The Closers	author	Michael Connelly
A Son of the Circus	author	John Irving
City of Bones	author	Michael Connelly
A Darkness More Than Night	author	Michael Connelly
Angels Flight	author	Michael Connelly
Trunk Music	author	Michael Connelly
The Concrete Blonde	author	Michael Connelly
The Last Coyote	author	Michael Connelly
The Black Echo	author	Michael Connelly
The Black Ice	author	Michael Connelly
Soldier's Heart	author	Gary Paulsen
Ancestors: 900 Years in the Life of a Chinese Family	author	Frank Ching
Dawn Wind	author	Rosemary Sutcliff
Whispering to Witches	author	Anna Dale
Your Heiress Diary	author	Paris Hilton
Your Heiress Diary	author	Merle Ginsberg
Alida's Song	author	Gary Paulsen
Midnight Sun	author	Stephenie Meyer
The Prince of Mist	author	Carlos Ruiz Zafón
The Cookcamp	author	Gary Paulsen
The Case of the Dirty Bird	author	Gary Paulsen
Dunc's Doll	author	Gary Paulsen
Culpepper's Cannon	author	Gary Paulsen
Dunc Gets Tweaked	author	Gary Paulsen
Dunc's Halloween	author	Gary Paulsen
Dunc Breaks the Record	author	Gary Paulsen
A Collegiate Casting-Out of Devilish Devices	author	Terry Pratchett
Street Fighter: Sakura Ganbaru!	author	Masahiko Nakahira
The Last Uniform	author	Mera Hakamada
Tomcat in Love	author	Tim O'Brien
Chat Room	author	Barbara Biggs
Alien Arena	author	Richard Dungworth
The Time Crocodile	author	Colin Brake
The Corinthian Project	author	Davey Moore
The Crystal Snare	author	Richard Dungworth
War of the Robots	author	Trevor Baxendale
The Haunted Wagon Train	author	Colin Baker
Dark Planet	author	Davey Moore
The Ambidextrous Universe	author	Martin Gardner
The End of Mr. Y	author	Scarlett Thomas
Voyage on the Great Titanic	author	Ellen Emerson White
Ramtanu Lahiri O Tatkalin Bangasamaj	author	Shibnath Shastri
Hate on Trial	author	Morris Dees and Steve Fiffer
The Good Man of Nanking	author	John Rabe
Pollen	author	Jeff Noon
Why Truth Matters	author	Ophelia Benson
Why Truth Matters	author	Jeremy Stangroom
The Dictionary of Fashionable Nonsense	author	Ophelia Benson
The Dictionary of Fashionable Nonsense	author	Jeremy Stangroom
Warhammer 40,000 Apocalypse	author	Jervis Johnson
The Psychedelic Experience	author	Timothy Leary, Ralph Metzner and Richard Alpert
The Four of Hearts	author	Ellery Queen
The Devil to Pay	author	Ellery Queen
The Angel Makers	author	Jessica Gregson
Baber's Apple	author	Michael Marr
Cry of the Justice Bird	author	Jon Haylett
The Rasp	author	Philip MacDonald
IvyGate	author	Chris Beam and Nick Summers
Witch World	author	Andre Norton
Institutes of Natural and Revealed Religion	author	Joseph Priestley
Howard Dully	author	Howard Dully and Charles Fleming
I, Mona Lisa	author	Jeanne Kalogridis
Die Sexualität im Kulturkampf	author	Wilhelm Reich
Through Gates of Splendor	author	Elisabeth Elliot
End of the Spear	author	Steve Saint
Ef: A Fairy Tale of the Two.	author	Mikage
Ef: A Fairy Tale of the Two.	author	Yū Kagami
Dear Enemy	author	Jean Webster
Wyatt Earp: Frontier Marshal	author	Stuart N. Lake
DNSMax	author	Algenta
How Children Learn	author	John Caldwell Holt
Lives at Risk	author	John C. Goodman
Lives at Risk	author	Gerald L. Musgrave
Lives at Risk	author	Devon M. Herrick
The Father Hunt	author	Rex Stout
All Passion Spent	author	Vita Sackville-West
Star Trek Memories	author	William Shatner
White Boots	author	Noel Streatfeild
The Sexual Life of Savages in North-Western Melanesia	author	Bronisław Malinowski
A Gun for Dinosaur	author	L. Sprague de Camp
Best of the Best: 20 Years of the Year's Best Science Fiction	author	Edited by Gardner Dozois
The Year's Best Science Fiction: Twenty-Third Annual Collection	author	Edited by Gardner Dozois
Beyond Einstein	author	Michio Kaku, Jennifer Trainer
The Furies	author	John Jakes
Flinx Transcendent	author	Alan Dean Foster
Tree of Smoke	author	Denis Johnson
The Great War for Civilisation	author	Robert Fisk
Total Resistance	author	Hans von Dach
Dave Barry in Cyberspace	author	Dave Barry
Fortune Arterial	author	August
Dictionary of New Zealand Biography	author	Prof W. H. Oliver  1983–1990
Dictionary of New Zealand Biography	author	Dr Claudia Orange  1990–2003
Dictionary of New Zealand Biography	author	1239
A Lion Among Men	author	Gregory Maguire
A Fórmula de Deus	author	José Rodrigues dos Santos
Douglas Adams's Guide to The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy	author	Douglas Adams and Debbie Barham
Il castello di Eymerich	author	Valerio Evangelisti
Darconville's Cat	author	Alexander Theroux
The Twenty-Second Day	author	Muhammad Aladdin
The Rise of Mormonism	author	Rodney Stark
What I Was	author	Meg Rosoff
Affluenza: The All-Consuming Epidemic	author	John de Graaf, David Wann, and Thomas H. Naylor
Death of a Dude	author	Rex Stout
Please Pass the Guilt	author	Rex Stout
A Family Affair	author	Rex Stout
07-Ghost	author	Yuki Amemiya
07-Ghost	author	Yukino Ichihara
The Woofits	author	Michael Parkinson
Morality Play	author	Barry Unsworth
On the Marble Cliffs	author	Ernst Jünger
Blart: The Boy Who Didn't Want to Save the World	author	Dominic Barker
Tearoom Trade	author	Laud Humphreys
Athabasca	author	Alistair MacLean
The Wreck of the Zanzibar	author	Michael Morpurgo
Malcolm X: A Life of Reinvention	author	Manning Marable
Waiting for Anya	author	Michael Morpurgo
War Horse	author	Michael Morpurgo
Misquoting Jesus	author	Bart D. Ehrman
The Last Unicorn: The Lost Version	author	Peter S. Beagle
The Myth of the Rational Voter	author	Bryan Caplan
The Year's Best Science Fiction: Twenty-First Annual Collection	author	Edited by Gardner Dozois
Pool of Twilight	author	James M. Ward, Anne K. Brown
The Year's Best Science Fiction: Nineteenth Annual Collection	author	Edited by Gardner Dozois
The Year's Best Science Fiction: Eighteenth Annual Collection	author	Edited by Gardner Dozois
The Old Timers	author	J.L. Carr
The Year's Best Science Fiction: Sixteenth Annual Collection	author	Edited by Gardner Dozois
The Android's Dream	author	John Scalzi
Myself ; Yourself	author	Takumi Nakazawa
The Natural History of Alcoholism Revisited	author	George Eman Vaillant
Thieves of Blood	author	Tim Waggoner
Naked Came the Manatee	author	Dave Barry, Carl Hiaasen, Elmore Leonard, Tananarive Due, etc.
The City of Skulls	author	L. Sprague de Camp and Lin Carter
Asia Overland	author	Mark Elliott and Wil Klass
The Last of the Jedi: Against the Empire	author	Jude Watson
Bloodstained Oz	author	Christopher Golden
Bloodstained Oz	author	James A. Moore
The Surgeon	author	Tess Gerritsen
Educating Esmé	author	Esmé Raji Codell
Quite Ugly One Morning	author	Christopher Brookmyre
Catholics	author	Brian Moore
Kiki Strike	author	Kirsten Miller
Parallel Worlds	author	Michio Kaku
Sugar Princess	author	Hisaya Nakajo
The Historicity of the Patriarchal Narratives	author	Thomas L. Thompson
Close the Last Door	author	Yugi Yamada
The Man in Grey	author	Baroness Orczy
Brigham Young: American Moses	author	Leonard J. Arrington
White Man Falling	author	Mike Stocks
Dead Certain	author	Robert Draper
The Genius of America	author	Stuart Sherman
Oakfield; or, Fellowship in the East	author	William Delafield Arnold
MySQL Archive	author	Brian Aker
The Host	author	Stephenie Meyer
The Last Wish	author	Andrzej Sapkowski
Sun Java System Communications Suite	author	Sun Microsystems
Dragon Eye	author	Kairi Fujiyama
Night of the Ripper	author	Robert Bloch
The Aesthetics of Resistance	author	Peter Weiss
Lives of the Most Excellent Painters, Sculptors, and Architects	author	Giorgio Vasari
The Use of Force	author	William Carlos Williams
Empire from the Ashes	author	David Weber
Jewish Supremacism: My Awakening to the Jewish Question	author	David Duke
The Shock Doctrine	author	Naomi Klein
The Reluctant Queen	author	Jean Plaidy
The Five Dysfunctions of a Team	author	Patrick Lencioni
The Candy Shop War	author	Brandon Mull
Shroud for a Nightingale	author	P. D. James
The Adaptive Ultimate	author	Stanley G. Weinbaum
Let Time Pass	author	Svend Aage Madsen
Invisible Hands	author	Stig Sæterbakken
Rue89	author	Pierre Haski, Pascal Riché, Arnaud Aubron, Michel Lévy-Provençal, and Laurent Mauriac
The Book of Animal Ignorance	author	John Lloyd
The Book of Animal Ignorance	author	John Mitchinson
Darwin's Angel	author	John Cornwell
Flower of Life	author	Fumi Yoshinaga
Dreamer	author	Daniel Quinn
And the Devil Will Drag You Under	author	Jack Chalker
Sharpe's Skirmish	author	Bernard Cornwell
The Politically Incorrect Guide to Capitalism	author	Robert P. Murphy
The Wool-Pack	author	Cynthia Harnett
The Load of Unicorn	author	Cynthia Harnett
Memoirs: 1939–1993	author	Brian Mulroney
HorrorScope	author	Shane Jiraiya Cummings
Pooh and the Philosophers	author	John Tyerman Williams
The Betrayal of the American Right	author	Murray Rothbard
The Curse of the Monolith	author	L. Sprague de Camp and Lin Carter
Maximum Ride: The Final Warning	author	James Patterson
Krondor: Tear of the Gods	author	Raymond E. Feist
The Company	author	John Ehrlichman
Japan's Imperial Conspiracy	author	David Bergamini
Shadowed Realms	author	Angela Challis and Shane Jiraiya Cummings
Mr. Monk in Outer Space	author	Lee Goldberg
Betavine	author	Vodafone Group
Mammonart	author	Upton Sinclair
Telek	author	Jack Vance
Native Tongue	author	Carl Hiaasen
Iron & Silk	author	Mark Salzman
Vietnam Inc.	author	Philip Jones Griffiths
Yankee in Oz	author	Ruth Plumly Thompson
Little T Learns to Share	author	Terrell Owens
Little T Learns to Share	author	Courtney Parker
The Sterkarm Handshake	author	Susan Price
Presidents and Prophets	author	Michael K. Winder
The Nobodies	author	N. E. Bode
The Morning After	author	Katie Roiphe
O alienista	author	Machado de Assis
Aziyadé	author	Pierre Loti
A Mango-Shaped Space	author	Wendy Mass
Best of the Best Volume 2: 20 Years of the Year's Best Short Science Fiction Novels	author	Edited by Gardner Dozois
One Million A.D.	author	Edited by Gardner Dozois
Tomorrow and Tomorrow	author	Charles Sheffield
Vida	author	Marge Piercy
The Elysium Commission	author	L. E. Modesitt, Jr.
SoMa	author	Kemble Scott
The TNT Punch	author	Robert E. Howard
The Sailor Dog	author	Margaret Wise Brown
Hitman: Enemy Within	author	William C. Dietz
The Wealth of Networks	author	Yochai Benkler
Blood Work	author	Michael Connelly
Lost Light	author	Michael Connelly
Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell: Fallout	author	David Michaels
7th Heaven	author	James Patterson and Maxine Paetro
The Gollywhopper Games	author	Jody Feldman
Indian Summer: The Secret History of the End of an Empire	author	Alex von Tunzelmann
The Sea Around Us	author	Rachel Carson
Kamui	author	Sanpei Shirato
Kamui	author	Sanpei Shirato
Pontoon: A Novel of Lake Wobegon	author	Garrison Keillor
Minami-ke	author	Koharu Sakuraba
Salem Falls	author	Jodi Picoult
Other Earths	author	Edited by Nick Gevers and Jay Lake
The Flame and the Flower	author	Kathleen E. Woodiwiss
Illegal Alien	author	Robert J. Sawyer
Lassie	author	Yoshihiro Takahashi
Leaving Home: A Collection of Lake Wobegon Stories	author	Garrison Keillor
Wilderness Survival Guide	author	Kim Mohan
Dungeoneer's Survival Guide	author	Douglas Niles
The Last Dog on Earth	author	Daniel Ehrenhaft
Under the Sea Wind	author	Rachel L. Carson
Flying Jake	author	Lane Smith
When I Was Young in the Mountains	author	Cynthia Rylant
The Mammoth Book of Extreme Science Fiction	author	Edited by Mike Ashley
Ode to Kirihito	author	Osamu Tezuka
The Modern Corporation and Private Property	author	Adolf Berle and Gardiner Means
Vampire of the Mists	author	Christie Golden
Yonnondio: From the Thirties	author	Tillie Olsen
The Bowstring Murders	author	John Dickson Carr writing as \
The White Priory Murders	author	John Dickson Carr
The White Priory Murders	author	writing as Carter Dickson
The Red Widow Murders	author	John Dickson Carr writing as \
The Unicorn Murders	author	John Dickson Carr writing as \
Death Times Three	author	Rex Stout
The Ballad of Lost C'Mell	author	Cordwainer Smith
Transparent Things	author	Vladimir Nabokov
The Ant Men of Tibet and Other Stories	author	Edited by David Pringle
Bop-A-Bet	author	Al Lowe
Bop-A-Bet	author	Margaret Lowe
Bop-A-Bet	author	Michael \
Bop-A-Bet	author	Rae Lynn McChesney
Louis le Brocquy Táin illustrations	author	Thomas Kinsella. Translated from the Irish epic Táin Bó Cúailnge, the central tale in the Ulster Cycle.
Into a Strange Lost World	author	Richard Hough
A Pack of Liars	author	Anne Fine
The Queen Elizabeth Story	author	Rosemary Sutcliff
Under the Lilacs	author	Louisa May Alcott
The Armourer's House	author	Rosemary Sutcliff
Forbidden Planets	author	Edited by Peter Crowther
The Runaway Skyscraper	author	Murray Leinster
Constellations	author	Edited by Peter Crowther
A Song of Sixpence	author	A. J. Cronin
The Problem of Cell 13	author	Jacques Futrelle
The Punch and Judy Murders	author	John Dickson Carr writing as \
Death in Five Boxes	author	John Dickson Carr
Death in Five Boxes	author	writing as \
This is Orson Welles	author	Orson Welles
This is Orson Welles	author	Peter Bogdanovich
Life's Lottery	author	Kim Newman
Mississippi Jack	author	Louis A. Meyer
Bazaar Bizarre	author	Greg Der Ananian
Highway Star	author	Katsuhiro Otomo
Mars Probes	author	Edited by Peter Crowther
The Starry Rift	author	Edited by Jonathan Strahan
Vinography	author	Alder Yarrow
Drop to His Death	author	John Dickson Carr writing as \
The Reader is Warned	author	John Dickson Carr writing as \
Chameleon	author	Atsushi Kase
And So to Murder	author	John Dickson Carr writing as \
Murder in the Submarine Zone	author	John Dickson Carr writing as \
Desert of the Heart	author	Jane Rule
Maithili Karna Kayasthak Panjik Sarvekshan	author	Binod Bihari Verma
Confessions of a Video Vixen	author	Karrine Steffans
The Cat and the King	author	Louis Auchincloss
The Lost Princess	author	George MacDonald
Xala	author	Ousmane Sembène
October Dreams	author	edited by Richard Chizmar and Robert Morrish
The Future Eve	author	Auguste Villiers de l'Isle-Adam
Seeing is Believing	author	John Dickson Carr writing as \
The Gilded Man	author	John Dickson Carr writing as \
She Died a Lady	author	John Dickson Carr writing as \
Ao no Fūin	author	Chie Shinohara
Ao no Fūin	author	Natsumi Yamamoto
A Thing of Beauty	author	A. J. Cronin
Lost Luggage	author	Colin Brake
The Judas Tree	author	A. J. Cronin
Soul Circus	author	George Pelecanos
Akatsuki-iro no Senpuku Majo	author	Mera Hakamada
Reversing: Secrets of Reverse Engineering	author	Eldad Eilam
The Imperial Presidency	author	Arthur M. Schlesinger, Jr.
Balanak Bonihar O Pallavi	author	Binod Bihari Verma
Clutter	author	Emmanuele Bassi, OpenedHand Ltd
The Life I Lead	author	Keith Banner
The Jesus Scroll	author	Donovan Joyce
He Wouldn't Kill Patience	author	John Dickson Carr writing as \
The Curse of the Bronze Lamp	author	John Dickson Carr writing as \
My Late Wives	author	John Dickson Carr writing as \
Air Battle Force	author	Dale Brown
Adventures in Two Worlds	author	A. J. Cronin
Jupiter Laughs	author	A. J. Cronin
Mercury	author	Ben Bova
Tapasa vai Ganga	author	Binod Bihari Verma
Otogimoyou Ayanishiki	author	Kyoko Hikawa
The Hercules Text	author	Jack McDevitt
Giving: How Each of Us Can Change the World	author	Bill Clinton
The House of the Wolfings	author	William Morris
Heaven Eyes	author	david almond
Images	author	David Lynch
The Skeleton in the Clock	author	John Dickson Carr writing as \
A Graveyard to Let	author	John Dickson Carr writing as \
Night at the Mocking Widow	author	John Dickson Carr writing as \
Behind the Crimson Blind	author	John Dickson Carr writing as \
The Cavalier's Cup	author	John Dickson Carr
The Cavalier's Cup	author	writing as Carter Dickson
Angel Pavement	author	J. B. Priestley
The Year's Best Science Fiction: Twenty-Fourth Annual Collection	author	Edited by Gardner Dozois
Jennifer, Hecate, Macbeth, William McKinley, and Me, Elizabeth	author	E. L. Konigsburg
The Mad King	author	Edgar Rice Burroughs
Trust Me	author	John Updike
The Grass-Cutting Sword	author	Catherynne M. Valente
Arrow of God	author	Chinua Achebe
A Man of the People	author	Chinua Achebe
New Fist of the North Star	author	Buronson
In Milton Lumky Territory	author	Philip K. Dick
The Man Whose Teeth Were All Exactly Alike	author	Philip K. Dick
Humpty Dumpty in Oakland	author	Philip K. Dick
Nick and the Glimmung	author	Philip K. Dick
Wintle's Wonders	author	Noel Streatfeild
Once Upon a Time in the North	author	Philip Pullman
Torchlight to Valhalla	author	Gale Wilhelm
Land of the Living	author	Nicci French
The Dragon's Teeth	author	Ellery Queen
The Winter of Frankie Machine	author	Don Winslow
Me & My Brothers	author	Hari Tokeino
Calamity Town	author	Ellery Queen
Double, Double	author	Ellery Queen
Ten Days' Wonder	author	Ellery Queen
Cat of Many Tails	author	Ellery Queen
The Murderer Is a Fox	author	Ellery Queen
There Was an Old Woman	author	Ellery Queen
The Origin of Evil	author	Ellery Queen
Right as Rain	author	George Pelecanos
HoneyComing	author	Hooksoft
HoneyComing	author	Jōji Kamio
On Being a Pagan	author	Alain de Benoist
Child Christopher and Goldilind the Fair	author	William Morris
A Drink Before the War	author	Dennis Lehane
The King Is Dead	author	Ellery Queen
The Scarlet Letters	author	Ellery Queen
PowerTOP	author	Intel
The Uncommon Reader	author	Alan Bennett
The Glass Village	author	Ellery Queen
Old Glory: An American Voyage	author	Jonathan Raban
Surf na crvenom talasu	author	Aleksandar Đuričić
Two Caravans	author	Marina Lewycka
The Copernican Revolution	author	Thomas Kuhn
The Firm of Girdlestone	author	Arthur Conan Doyle
The Gypsy	author	Steven Brust
The Gypsy	author	Megan Lindholm
Three Loves	author	A. J. Cronin
Lego Digital Designer	author	Lego Group
The River at the Center of the World	author	Simon Winchester
The Year of Freaking Out	author	Sarah Walker
Cartesian Meditations	author	Edmund Husserl
So the Wind Won't Blow It All Away	author	Richard Brautigan
The Girls	author	Lori Lansens
From Atlantis to the Sphinx	author	Colin Wilson
The Rainbow Cubby House	author	Brenna and Vicki Harding
Asimov's Science Fiction: 30th Anniversary Anthology	author	Edited by Sheila Williams
Around the World in Seventy-Two Days	author	Nellie Bly
En rade	author	Joris-Karl Huysmans
Clear	author	Moonstone
Kachō Kōsaku Shima	author	Kenshi Hirokane
Tetsuko no Tabi	author	Hirohiko Yokomi
China Sky	author	Pearl S. Buck
The Heroin Diaries: A Year in the Life of a Shattered Rock Star	author	Nikki Sixx, Ian Gittins
Open Wonderland	author	Open Wonderland Foundation, Sun Microsystems
Letter from Peking	author	Pearl S. Buck
Face of Courage	author	Sarah Hudleston
Killer: A Journal of Murder	author	Carl Panzram
The Tenth Circle	author	Jodi Picoult
The Night Gardener	author	George Pelecanos
Experience	author	Martin Amis
The Coffee Trader	author	David Liss
Three-Ten to Yuma	author	Elmore Leonard
The Twilight of the Gods and Other Tales	author	Richard Garnett
A Secret Atlas	author	Michael Stackpole
Babar's Museum of Art	author	Laurent de Brunhoff
The Complete Idiot's Guide to Publishing Science Fiction	author	Cory Doctorow
The Complete Idiot's Guide to Publishing Science Fiction	author	Karl Schroeder
The Fall of Doctor Onslow	author	Frances Vernon
Snowbound: The Record of a Theatrical Touring Party	author	Bram Stoker
The Blacker the Berry	author	Wallace Thurman
Patriot Reign	author	Michael Holley
god	author	Cory Doctorow
Boston	author	Upton Sinclair
Only When I Larf	author	Len Deighton
I Was a Rat! or The Scarlet Slippers	author	Philip Pullman
The Return of Nathan Brazil	author	Jack L. Chalker
The Rachel Papers	author	Martin Amis
The Wallet of Kai Lung	author	Ernest Bramah
A Spirit of Tolerance	author	Amadou Hampate Ba
Defining Dulcie	author	Paul Acampora
Star Over Bethlehem	author	Agatha Christie
The Year's Best Science Fiction: Thirteenth Annual Collection	author	Edited by Gardner Dozois
The Planck Dive	author	Greg Egan
Light a Penny Candle	author	Maeve Binchy
The Movement of the Free Spirit	author	Raoul Vaneigem
A Bell for Adano	author	John Hersey
Dick Sand, A Captain at Fifteen	author	Jules Verne
A Wolf at the Table	author	Augusten Burroughs
Kaleidoscope in %22K%22	author	A. J. Cronin
Kai Lung: Six	author	Ernest Bramah
School Information Management System	author	Philip Neal
The Physician	author	Noah Gordon
A Soldier of the Great War	author	Mark Helprin
A Fire in the Sun	author	George Alec Effinger
Red Midnight	author	Ben Mikaelsen
Sundays at Tiffany's	author	James Patterson and Gabrielle Charbonnet
Like Life	author	Jōji Kamio
Sail	author	James Patterson
Sail	author	Howard Roughan
Out of Sync	author	Lance Bass
The Power of Now	author	Eckhart Tolle
The Secret of the Third Watch	author	J. J. Fortune
Kai Lung Beneath the Mulberry Tree	author	Ernest Bramah
The Moon of Much Gladness	author	Ernest Bramah
The Politically Incorrect Guide to Science	author	Tom Bethell
2666	author	Roberto Bolaño
Gamezebo	author	Joel Brodie
Gamezebo	author	Erin Bell
The House of Lost Identity	author	Donald Corley
Earth Inferno	author	Austin Osman Spare
CALO	author	SRI International
Kurogane	author	Kei Toume
Luck in the Shadows	author	Lynn Flewelling
Stalking Darkness	author	Lynn Flewelling
Falling	author	Anne Provoost
The Ice Palace	author	Tarjei Vesaas
Circumstance	author	Harriet Elizabeth Prescott Spofford
The Footprints on the Ceiling	author	Clayton Rawson
The Headless Lady	author	Clayton Rawson
No Coffin for the Corpse	author	Clayton Rawson
Dragonsdale	author	The Two Steves writing as Salamanda Drake
The Isles: A History	author	Norman Davies
The Glass House	author	Sonya Hartnett
Princes	author	Sonya Hartnett
Thursday's Child	author	Sonya Hartnett
Surrender	author	Sonya Hartnett
Forest	author	Sonya Hartnett
Teneke	author	Yaşar Kemal
The Book of Pleasure	author	Austin Osman Spare
The Exile Kiss	author	George Alec Effinger
Darkness, Tell Us	author	Richard Laymon
A Romance of the Halifax Disaster	author	Frank McKelvey Bell
Mokke	author	Takatoshi Kumakura
First Love Limited	author	Mizuki Kawashita
Dazzle	author	Minari Endoh
Victory of Eagles	author	Naomi Novik
Noman	author	William Nicholson
Explosion in a Cathedral	author	Alejo Carpentier
Letters to Jenny	author	Piers Anthony
Letters to Jenny	author	Alan Riggs
The Winter Knights	author	Paul Stewart
The Winter Knights	author	Chris Riddell
Fossilworks	author	John Alroy
Rosario + Vampire	author	Akihisa Ikeda
Rosario + Vampire	author	Fumihiko Shimo
Fatal Revenant	author	Stephen R. Donaldson
Bombs Away: The Story of a Bomber Team	author	John Steinbeck
Nightmare Academy: Charlie's Monsters	author	Dean Lorey
Just One Look	author	Harlan Coben
Laidlaw	author	William McIlvanney
Inside the Robot Kingdom	author	Frederik L. Schodt
The Pea-Pickers	author	Eve Langley
Pursuit	author	Andy Mangels and Michael A. Martin
The Fortunate Fall	author	Raphael Carter
Revenge in the Silent Tomb	author	J. J. Fortune
Cunt: A Declaration of Independence	author	Inga Muscio
Daughter of Earth	author	Agnes Smedley
My Lucky Star	author	Joe Keenan
Asunaro Hakusho	author	Fumi Saimon
The Art of Being Right	author	Arthur Schopenhauer
Là-bas	author	Joris-Karl Huysmans
The Sunrise Lands	author	S. M. Stirling
The Woods Are Dark	author	Richard Laymon
Dark Sun	author	Robert Muchamore
San Manuel Bueno, Mártir	author	Miguel de Unamuno
Putting on the Ritz	author	Joe Keenan
Timothy of the Cay	author	Theodore Taylor
Blue Heaven	author	Joe Keenan
Tomoe Gozen	author	Jessica Amanda Salmonson
An American Dream: The Life of an African American Soldier and POW Who Spent Twelve Years in Communist China	author	Clarence Adams
Short Trips: The Ghosts of Christmas	author	Cavan Scott
Short Trips: The Ghosts of Christmas	author	Mark Wright
The Skyfire Puzzle	author	Franklin W. Dixon
A Good Man Is Hard to Find	author	Flannery O'Connor
The Year's Best Science Fiction: Seventeenth Annual Collection	author	Edited by Gardner Dozois
Chasing the Dime	author	Michael Connelly
Marriage Royale	author	Navel
Uno's Garden	author	Graeme Base
Thunderhead	author	Douglas Preston
Thunderhead	author	Lincoln Child
Kaiji	author	Nobuyuki Fukumoto
Broken April	author	Ismail Kadare
Arena	author	Fredric Brown
Love My Life	author	Ebine Yamaji
London	author	Edward Rutherfurd
The World at Night	author	Alan Furst
LibVNCServer	author	Johannes Schindelin et al.
Exile of the Eons	author	Arthur C. Clarke
Dreamland	author	Sarah Dessen
Blind Justice	author	Bruce Cook
The Catastrophe of Success	author	Tennessee Williams
Ana's Story	author	Jenna Bush
Nono-chan	author	Hisaichi Ishii
Nono-chan	author	Hisaichi Ishii
Baito-kun	author	Hisaichi Ishii
The Fairy Gunmother	author	Daniel Pennac
My Theodosia	author	Anya Seton
The Collapse of Chaos	author	Jack Cohen and Ian Stewart
The Ghost	author	Robert Harris
Niconico	author	Niwango
Uncyclopedia	author	Jonathan \
Uncyclopedia	author	\
Murder in Grub Street	author	Bruce Cook
Watery Grave	author	Bruce Cook
A Dream of John Ball	author	William Morris
What We Believe But Cannot Prove	author	John Brockman
Freaks: Alive on the Inside	author	Annette Curtis Klause
Lust, Caution	author	Eileen Chang
King of Cards	author	Makoto Tateno
Death into Life	author	Olaf Stapledon
Venetia	author	Benjamin Disraeli
Emily Climbs	author	L.M. Montgomery
Christianity.com	author	Salem Web Network
The Diana Chronicles	author	Tina Brown
The Stuff of Thought	author	Steven Pinker
Colonization: Down to Earth	author	Harry Turtledove
Colonization: Aftershocks	author	Harry Turtledove
The Conch Bearer	author	Chitra Banerjee Divakaruni
Beyond the Fall of Night	author	Gregory Benford and Arthur C. Clarke
On Thermonuclear War	author	Herman Kahn
The Minnesota Independent	author	American Independent News Network
Breakingviews	author	Hugo Dixon, Rob Cox
The Family of Pascual Duarte	author	Camilo José Cela
1,000 Places to See Before You Die	author	Patricia Schultz
Omertà	author	Mario Puzo
The Good Companions	author	J. B. Priestley
The Job	author	Sinclair Lewis
Maps and Legends	author	Michael Chabon
A Murder, a Mystery, and a Marriage	author	Mark Twain
AMD Radeon Software Crimson	author	ATI Technologies
The Disinherited	author	Jack Conroy
Ambidextrous	author	Felice Picano
Ishii Hisaichi's CNN	author	Hisaichi Ishii
Crosswalk.com	author	Salem Web Network
The Day Before the Revolution	author	Ursula K. Le Guin
Ring of Fire II	author	Eric Flint
Vampirates: Blood Captain	author	Justin Somper
Power to the People	author	Laura Ingraham
Vikings of the Gloves	author	Robert E. Howard
Red Orc's Rage	author	Philip José Farmer
The Monster Bed	author	Jeanne Willis
The Coroner's Lunch	author	Colin Cotterill
Tetragrammaton Labyrinth	author	Ei Itou
Judita	author	Marko Marulić
God: The Failed Hypothesis	author	Victor J. Stenger
The Signifying Monkey	author	Henry Louis Gates Jr.
The Four-Gated City	author	Doris Lessing
Hero	author	Perry Moore
Tales of the Alhambra	author	Washington Irving
The Tide Knot	author	Helen Dunmore
Click Click Snap	author	Sean McGowan
CNET	author	Halsey Minor
CNET	author	Shelby Bonnie
In the Shadow of the Moon	author	Francis French
In the Shadow of the Moon	author	Colin Burgess
Ganbare!! Tabuchi-kun!!	author	Hisaichi Ishii
The Deep	author	Helen Dunmore
Polymorph	author	Scott Westerfeld
Pale Blue Dot	author	Carl Sagan
Modern Ranch Living	author	Mark Poirier
Goats	author	Mark Poirier
Naked Pueblo	author	Mark Poirier
The Gladiator	author	Harry Turtledove
The Gryphon's Skull	author	Harry Turtledove
Seize the Night	author	Dean Koontz
A Gift of Dragons	author	Anne McCaffrey
Never Bet the Devil Your Head	author	Edgar Allan Poe
To Mars and Providence	author	Don Webb
George's Secret Key to the Universe	author	Lucy Hawking, Stephen Hawking, Christophe Galfard
Solip:System	author	Walter Jon Williams
Single & Single	author	John le Carré
Homebody	author	Orson Scott Card
Stone Tables	author	Orson Scott Card
Saints	author	Orson Scott Card
Invasive Procedures	author	Orson Scott Card
Fourth Reich of the Rich	author	Des Griffin
The Brief Wondrous Life of Oscar Wao	author	Junot Díaz
The E-mail Mystery	author	Carolyn Keene
Spider-Man: The Darkest Hours	author	Jim Butcher
The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen	author	Kevin J. Anderson
Ojamanga Yamada-kun	author	Hisaichi Ishii
Traitor's Moon	author	Lynn Flewelling
Shadows Return	author	Lynn Flewelling
Chike and the River	author	Chinua Achebe
A War of Gifts: An Ender Story	author	Orson Scott Card
Rebekah	author	Orson Scott Card
Rachel and Leah	author	Orson Scott Card
Did Jesus Exist%3F	author	George Albert Wells
Contributions to Philosophy	author	Martin Heidegger
Rasputin	author	Orson Scott Card
Rasputin	author	Kathryn H. Kidd
Redeeming Love	author	Francine Rivers
Mr. Magorium's Wonder Emporium	author	Suzanne Weyn
Reincarnation	author	Suzanne Weyn
An Introduction to the Rock-Forming Minerals	author	W A Deer, R A Howie, and J Zussman
Kynapse	author	Kynogon
The Dangerous Days of Daniel X	author	James Patterson and Michael Ledwidge
First Boy	author	Gary Schmidt
MemeStreams	author	Tom Cross and Nick Levay
Energy Autonomy: The Economic, Social & Technological Case for Renewable Energy	author	Hermann Scheer
I'm Losing You	author	Bruce Wagner
PortableApps.com	author	John T. Haller
Stone Cold	author	Robert Swindells
Wolf	author	Gillian Cross
The Haunting	author	Margaret Mahy
Tulku	author	Peter Dickinson
Sea Change	author	Richard Armstrong
City of Gold	author	Peter Dickinson
Death's Shadow	author	Darren Shan
Oneplace.com	author	Salem Web Network
Beast	author	Ally Kennen
Bloodline	author	F. Paul Wilson
The Edge	author	Alan Gibbons
Doomwyte	author	Brian Jacques
Harlequin	author	Bernard Cornwell
The Wanderer	author	Sharon Creech
All Fun and Games until Somebody Loses an Eye	author	Christopher Brookmyre
A Big Boy Did It and Ran Away	author	Christopher Brookmyre
The Gathering	author	Anne Enright
Sleeping Freshmen Never Lie	author	David Lubar
South Park and Philosophy: You Know, I Learned Something Today	author	Robert Arp
Ghost Hound	author	Masamune Shirow
The Third Ear	author	Chris Lonsdale
Emily's Quest	author	L.M. Montgomery
Pundits from Pakistan	author	Rahul Bhattacharya
Convergent Series	author	Larry Niven
At Home in Mitford	author	Jan Karon
A Light in the Window	author	Jan Karon
Nebula Maker	author	Olaf Stapledon
Shiki Tsukai	author	To-Ru Zekuu
The Wives of Israel	author	Orson Scott Card
Weep Not, Child	author	Ngũgĩ wa Thiong'o
The Crossing of the Red Land	author	Lucius de Mello
Mister Pip	author	Lloyd Jones
Person or Persons Unknown	author	Bruce Cook
Moon of Mutiny	author	Lester Del Rey
Grammar of the Gothic Language	author	Joseph Wright
Venus	author	Ben Bova
Encyclopedia Horrifica	author	Joshua Gee
Agaguk	author	Yves Thériault
Cardography	author	Orson Scott Card
The Careful Use of Compliments	author	Alexander McCall Smith
Friends, Lovers, Chocolate	author	Alexander McCall Smith
The Wheel of Darkness	author	Douglas Preston
The Wheel of Darkness	author	Lincoln Child
St. George's Cathedral, Chennai	author	H.S.S. Lawrence
Strange Brother	author	Blair Niles
Magic Mirror	author	Orson Scott Card
A Separate Reality	author	Carlos Castaneda
Precaution	author	James Fenimore Cooper
Adolf Hitler: My Part in His Downfall	author	Spike Milligan
The Scandal of the Evangelical Mind	author	Mark Noll
The Name of this Book is Secret	author	Pseudonymous Bosch
Le Bal	author	Irène Némirovsky
Atherton: The House of Power	author	Patrick Carman
Dragonsbane	author	Barbara Hambly
What My Girlfriend Doesn't Know	author	Sonya Sones
Crystal Rain	author	Tobias S. Buckell
Ragamuffin	author	Tobias S. Buckell
Blasphemy	author	Douglas Preston
Sex and the Single Ghost	author	Tawny Taylor
Brat Farrar	author	Josephine Tey
Moyasimon: Tales of Agriculture	author	Masayuki Ishikawa
The Abyss	author	Orson Scott Card
Erik of het klein insectenboek	author	Godfried Bomans
Falling Angel	author	William Hjortsberg
Shosha	author	Isaac Bashevis Singer
Dave at Night	author	Gail Carson Levine
Steering the Craft	author	Ursula K. Le Guin
Kacchū no Senshi Gamu	author	Yoshihiro Takahashi
Garry Kitchen's GameMaker	author	Garry Kitchen
Design Observer	author	Rick Poynor, Michael Bierut, Jessica Helfand and William Drenttel
Theodosia and the Serpents of Chaos	author	R. L. LaFevers
Twisted: The Distorted Mathematics of Greenhouse Denial	author	Ian G. Enting
Martha in the Mirror	author	Justin Richards
The Many Hands	author	Dale Smith
Snowglobe 7	author	Mike Tucker
Dial 'M' for Monkey	author	Adam Maxwell
Deep Storm	author	Lincoln Child
Jennie	author	Douglas Preston
Mists of Dawn	author	Chad Oliver
The Ice Limit	author	Lincoln Child
The Ice Limit	author	Douglas Preston
A Far Country	author	Winston Churchill
The Year of Living Biblically	author	A. J. Jacobs
Unaccustomed Earth	author	Jhumpa Lahiri
The Brotherhood of the Rose	author	David Morrell
Philosophy in a New Key	author	Susanne Langer
Frog and Toad Are Friends	author	Arnold Lobel
Blink	author	Ted Dekker
White	author	Ted Dekker
Ashes to Gold	author	Sherry Andrews and Patti Roberts
Black	author	Ted Dekker
Red	author	Ted Dekker
The Next Time	author	Henry James
Kurokami Captured	author	Ryūsuke Mita
Shōnen to Inu	author	Araki Jō
The Coxon Fund	author	Henry James
Galileo's Daughter	author	Dava Sobel
The Death of the Lion	author	Henry James
Black God	author	Lim Dall-young
Sketch for a Theory of the Emotions	author	Jean-Paul Sartre
Fireball	author	Samuel Youd
Dragon Dance	author	Samuel Youd
New Found Land	author	Samuel Youd
An Open Book	author	Orson Scott Card
Missing Men of Saturn	author	Robert S. Richardson
Rocket Jockey	author	Lester del Rey
Stadium Beyond the Stars	author	Milton Lesser
Rocket to Luna	author	Evan Hunter
Origin in Death	author	J. D. Robb
Apollo's Song	author	Osamu Tezuka
Memory in Death	author	J. D. Robb
The Raven's Knot	author	Robin Jarvis
The Fatal Strand	author	Robin Jarvis
1st to Die	author	James Patterson
This Is Not the Life I Ordered	author	Deborah Collins Stephens, Michealene Cristini Risley, Jackie Speier, Jan Yanehiro
Demihuman Deities	author	Eric L. Boyd
A Thousand Deaths	author	Orson Scott Card
The Unicorn Girl	author	Michael Kurland
Grinning Man	author	Orson Scott Card
The Yazoo Queen	author	Orson Scott Card
Gert Fram	author	Orson Scott Card
Best Family Home Evening Ever	author	Orson Scott Card
Prentice Alvin and the No-Good Plow	author	Orson Scott Card
A Plague of Butterflies	author	Orson Scott Card
Follower	author	Orson Scott Card
A Cross-Country Trip to Kill Richard Nixon	author	Orson Scott Card
Middle Woman	author	Orson Scott Card
Unaccompanied Sonata	author	Orson Scott Card
The Best Day	author	Orson Scott Card
The Monkeys Thought 'Twas All in Fun	author	Orson Scott Card
Holy	author	Orson Scott Card
Saving Grace	author	Orson Scott Card
St. Amy's Tale	author	Orson Scott Card
In the Doghouse	author	Orson Scott Card
In the Doghouse	author	Jay A. Parry
Dogwalker	author	Orson Scott Card
The Originist	author	Orson Scott Card
Fat Farm	author	Orson Scott Card
Monster	author	Jonathan Kellerman
The Blue Man	author	Kin Platt
The Internet Galaxy	author	Manuel Castells
Warrior Scarlet	author	Rosemary Sutcliff
Man on the Moon	author	Simon Bartram
Lost and Found	author	Oliver Jeffers
Danny Dunn and the Anti-Gravity Paint	author	Raymond Abrashkin
Danny Dunn and the Anti-Gravity Paint	author	Jay Williams
Danny Dunn and the Homework Machine	author	Raymond Abrashkin
Danny Dunn and the Homework Machine	author	Jay Williams
Danny Dunn and the Weather Machine	author	Raymond Abrashkin
Danny Dunn and the Weather Machine	author	Jay Williams
Danny Dunn on the Ocean Floor	author	Raymond Abrashkin
Danny Dunn on the Ocean Floor	author	Jay Williams
Danny Dunn and the Fossil Cave	author	Raymond Abrashkin
Danny Dunn and the Fossil Cave	author	Jay Williams
Dark Universe	author	Daniel F. Galouye
Danny Dunn, Time Traveler	author	Raymond Abrashkin
Danny Dunn, Time Traveler	author	Jay Williams
Danny Dunn and the Automatic House	author	Raymond Abrashkin
Danny Dunn and the Automatic House	author	Jay Williams
Danny Dunn and the Smallifying Machine	author	Raymond Abrashkin
Danny Dunn and the Smallifying Machine	author	Jay Williams
Danny Dunn and the Swamp Monster	author	Raymond Abrashkin
Danny Dunn and the Swamp Monster	author	Jay Williams
Danny Dunn Scientific Detective	author	Raymond Abrashkin
Danny Dunn Scientific Detective	author	Jay Williams
Danny Dunn and the Universal Glue	author	Raymond Abrashkin
Danny Dunn and the Universal Glue	author	Jay Williams
Aristotle	author	Dick King-Smith
Lila Says	author	Chimo
Our Twisted Hero	author	Yi Munyol
 White Girl	author	Joyce Carol Oates
The Little Red Schoolbook	author	Søren Hansen, Jesper Jensen
Danny Dunn and the Voice from Space	author	Raymond Abrashkin
Danny Dunn and the Voice from Space	author	Jay Williams
Winter's King	author	Ursula K. Le Guin
Flour Babies	author	Anne Fine
Likkutei Sichos	author	Menachem Mendel Schneerson
The Adventures of Three Englishmen and Three Russians in South Africa	author	Jules Verne
The Sky People	author	S. M. Stirling
Short Trips: Defining Patterns	author	Ian Farrington
Thou Art the Man	author	Edgar Allan Poe
The Lost Barkscrolls	author	Paul Stewart
The Lost Barkscrolls	author	Chris Riddell
Knowledge and Decisions	author	Thomas Sowell
Little Man Little Man: A Story of Childhood	author	James Baldwin
Deadkidsongs	author	Toby Litt
Finding Myself	author	Toby Litt
The g Factor: General Intelligence and Its Implications	author	Christopher Brand
Young Dracula and Young Monsters	author	Michael Lawrence
Psycle	author	Juan Antonio Arguelles Rius
Save Me from Myself	author	Brian Welch
Around the Day in Eighty Worlds	author	Julio Cortázar
Guardian US	author	The Guardian
Poems	author	Agatha Christie
62: A Model Kit	author	Julio Cortázar
Skatter Tech	author	Sahas Katta
A Visitation of Spirits	author	Randall Kenan
The Monkey Wrench	author	Gordon R. Dickson
Último round	author	Julio Cortázar
Libro de Manuel	author	Julio Cortázar
Freehold	author	Michael Z. Williamson
Hostile Waters	author	Peter Huchthausen, Igor Kurdin and R. Alan White
Jack, Knave and Fool	author	Bruce Cook
The Quincunx	author	Charles Palliser
A Dying Colonialism	author	Frantz Fanon
Mr Ponsonby	author	Ian Middleton
Stick to Drawing Comics, Monkey Brain!	author	Scott Adams
Greed	author	Elfriede Jelinek
Los autonautas de la cosmopista	author	Julio Cortázar
Los autonautas de la cosmopista	author	Carol Dunlop
My Heavenly Hockey Club	author	Ai Morinaga
Octaedro	author	Julio Cortázar
The 4-Hour Workweek	author	Timothy Ferriss
The Resistance	author	K. A. Applegate
Atomic Lobster	author	Tim Dorsey
The Year's Best Science Fiction: First Annual Collection	author	Edited by Gardner Dozois
Parva	author	Bhyrappa
The Adventures of Danny Meadow Mouse	author	Thornton W. Burgess
Two Old Women	author	Velma Wallis
A Turn in the South	author	V. S. Naipaul
The Angry Hills	author	Leon Uris
Flashing Swords! 1	author	Lin Carter
Flashing Swords! 2	author	Lin Carter
Flashing Swords! 3: Warriors and Wizards	author	Lin Carter
Flashing Swords! 4: Barbarians and Black Magicians	author	Lin Carter
Flashing Swords! 5: Demons and Daggers	author	Lin Carter
The Dirt	author	Tommy Lee
The Dirt	author	Mick Mars
The Dirt	author	Vince Neil
The Dirt	author	Nikki Sixx
The Dirt	author	Neil Strauss
A Way of Life: Over Thirty Years of Blood, Sweat and Tears	author	Reginald Kray
Seesmic	author	Loïc Le Meur
Seesmic	author	Johann Romefort
Our Story	author	Kray twins
Our Story	author	with Fred Dinenage
Fantastic Detective Labyrinth	author	Meito Manjō
Born Fighter	author	Reginald Kray
Djinn	author	Alain Robbe-Grillet
The Hamilton Case	author	Michelle de Kretser
The Disunited States of America	author	Harry Turtledove
Dragons of Darkness	author	Orson Scott Card
Pied Piper of Lovers	author	Lawrence Durrell
Gin'iro no Olynssis	author	Hitomi Amamiya
The Year's Best Science Fiction: Second Annual Collection	author	Edited by Gardner Dozois
Star Wars Republic Commando: Order 66	author	Karen Traviss
Among the Missing	author	Richard Laymon
Future on Ice	author	Orson Scott Card
Future on Fire	author	Orson Scott Card
Keeper of Dreams	author	Orson Scott Card
Youth Without Youth	author	Mircea Eliade
Firefighter! Daigo of Fire Company M	author	Masahito Soda
A Small Place in Italy	author	Eric Newby
Laboratory Life	author	Bruno Latour and Steve Woolgar
English, August	author	Upamanyu Chatterjee
A Loint of Paw	author	Isaac Asimov
Animal, Vegetable, Miracle	author	Barbara Kingsolver
Every Vote Equal	author	John R. Koza
Every Vote Equal	author	Barry Fadem
Every Vote Equal	author	Mark Grueskin
Every Vote Equal	author	Michael S. Mandell
Every Vote Equal	author	Rob Richie
Every Vote Equal	author	Joseph F. Zimmerman
The Conjuror's Bird	author	Martin Davies
Kiss in the Blue	author	Kaho Miyasaka
Remember When	author	Nora Roberts
Remember When	author	J. D. Robb
Dance of the Dead	author	Christie Golden
Carnival of Fear	author	J. Robert King
I, Strahd: The Memoirs of a Vampire	author	P. N. Elrod
Tapestry of Dark Souls	author	Elaine Bergstrom
The Enemy Within	author	Christie Golden
Posing as People	author	Orson Scott Card
Lifeloop	author	Orson Scott Card
Worthing Inn	author	Orson Scott Card
The Stars That Blink	author	Orson Scott Card
Second Chance	author	Orson Scott Card
Killing Children	author	Orson Scott Card
And What Will We Do Tomorrow%3F	author	Orson Scott Card
When No One Remembers His Name, Does God Retire%3F	author	Orson Scott Card
Breaking the Game	author	Orson Scott Card
Burning	author	Orson Scott Card
A Sleep and a Forgetting	author	Orson Scott Card
Skipping Stones	author	Orson Scott Card
Worthing Farm	author	Orson Scott Card
The Tinker	author	Orson Scott Card
The Trees	author	Conrad Richter
Floodgate	author	Alistair MacLean
The Documents in the Case	author	Dorothy L. Sayers and Robert Eustace
Raven Rise	author	D.J. MacHale
L'Arrêt de mort	author	Maurice Blanchot
Tatoeba Konna Love Song	author	Taku Kitazaki
J. R. R. Tolkien's influences	author	J. R. R. Tolkien
Listen, Mom and Dad	author	Orson Scott Card
Ainge	author	Orson Scott Card
Inheritance	author	Christopher Paolini
West	author	Orson Scott Card
Salvage	author	Orson Scott Card
The Fringe	author	Orson Scott Card
America	author	Orson Scott Card
Pageant Wagon	author	Orson Scott Card
Song of the Birds	author	Julian Lloyd Webber
Travels with My Cello	author	Julian Lloyd Webber
50 Reasons to Hate the French	author	Jules Eden and Alex Clarke
River of Death	author	Alistair MacLean
Inventing Elliot	author	Graham Gardner
Adrift in Soho	author	Colin Wilson
The God Particle	author	Leon M. Lederman, with Dick Teresi
The Rape of Europa	author	Lynn H. Nicholas
Seawitch	author	Alistair MacLean
Masterpieces: The Best Science Fiction of the Century	author	Orson Scott Card
Cherry Juice	author	Haruka Fukushima
Dark Dream	author	Christine Feehan
The Phobos Science Fiction Anthology Volume 1	author	Orson Scott Card
The Phobos Science Fiction Anthology Volume 2	author	Orson Scott Card
Computers and Intractability	author	Michael R. Garey and David S. Johnson
Just William's Luck	author	Richmal Crompton
Nuclear or Not%3F	author	David Elliott
The Bloody Red Baron	author	Kim Newman
The Wednesday Wars	author	Gary D. Schmidt
Anno Dracula	author	Kim Newman
Dracula Cha Cha Cha	author	Kim Newman
Fantomas contra los vampiros multinacionales	author	Julio Cortázar
Prosa del Observatorio	author	Julio Cortázar
Idol Defense Force Hummingbird	author	Hitoshi Yoshioka
A Wild Ride Through the Night	author	Walter Moers
The Golden Gate	author	Alistair MacLean
WHAT IF software	author	Gert Vriend, Chris Sander, Wolfgang Kabsch
The Middle Age of Mrs Eliot	author	Angus Wilson
Forbidden City	author	William E. Bell
Compendium Maleficarum	author	Francesco Maria Guazzo
Vampire Hunter D	author	Hideyuki Kikuchi
Vampire Hunter D: Raiser of Gales	author	Hideyuki Kikuchi
The Barracks	author	John McGahern
Knuffle Bunny Too	author	Mo Willems
Don't Let the Pigeon Stay Up Late!	author	Mo Willems
Edwina, the Dinosaur Who Didn't Know She Was Extinct	author	Mo Willems
Time to Pee!	author	Mo Willems
Vampire Hunter D: Throng of Heretics	author	Hideyuki Kikuchi
Vampire Hunter D: Mysterious Journey to the North Sea	author	Hideyuki Kikuchi
Proxima Centauri	author	Murray Leinster
The Road to Omaha	author	Robert Ludlum
Girl in Landscape	author	Jonathan Lethem
Agatha Christie: An Autobiography	author	Agatha Christie
My Story	author	Ronnie Kray &
The Murderer	author	Ray Bradbury
William Jones	author	T. Rowland Hughes
Conspiracy in Death	author	J. D. Robb
Cult Movies	author	Danny Peary
Deep Fathom	author	James Rollins
An Expensive Place to Die	author	Len Deighton
Venus Capriccio	author	Mai Nishikata
The Heritage of Arn	author	Jan Guillou
A Firing Offense	author	George Pelecanos
What We Talk About When We Talk About Love	author	Raymond Carver
The Final Circle of Paradise	author	Arkady and Boris Strugatsky
Nick's Trip	author	George Pelecanos
Forrest Gump	author	Winston Groom
Sidewise in Time	author	Murray Leinster
Kunai Den	author	Tabasa Iori
A New England Nun	author	Mary Eleanor Wilkins Freeman
Marine Hunter	author	Shiro Otsuka
The Aunt's Story	author	Patrick White
The Tree of Man	author	Patrick White
The Solid Mandala	author	Patrick White
The Eye of the Storm	author	Patrick White
Bestiario	author	Julio Cortázar
Final del juego	author	Julio Cortázar
Todos los fuegos el fuego	author	Julio Cortázar
The Winners	author	Julio Cortázar
Nothing: Something to Believe In	author	Nica Lalli
The Way to Dusty Death	author	Alistair MacLean
ScreenRacer	author	Michael Gehri
The Big Kill	author	Mickey Spillane
The Girl Hunters	author	Mickey Spillane
Double Indemnity	author	James M. Cain
Zettai Karen Children	author	Takashi Shiina
Zettai Karen Children	author	Gakuto Mikumo
Katte ni Kaizō	author	Kōji Kumeta
The Persistence of Memory	author	Gael Baudino
I'm Dysfunctional, You're Dysfunctional	author	Wendy Kaminer
Walk This Way: The Autobiography of Aerosmith	author	Stephen Davis
Walk This Way: The Autobiography of Aerosmith	author	Aerosmith
Caravan to Vaccarès	author	Alistair MacLean
Bird Girl and the Man Who Followed the Sun	author	Velma Wallis
The Big Blowdown	author	George Pelecanos
Jesus the Man	author	Barbara Thiering
Growing Up X	author	Ilyasah Shabazz with Kim McLarin
Tegami Bachi	author	Hiroyuki Asada
The Lazy Man's Guide to Enlightenment	author	Thaddeus Golas
The Dark Crusader	author	Alistair MacLean
Fluid Concepts and Creative Analogies	author	Douglas Hofstadter
Late Nights on Air	author	Elizabeth Hay
A Good House	author	Bonnie Burnard
Bloody Disgusting	author	Brad Miska
Bloody Disgusting	author	Tom Owen
The Whaleboat House	author	Mark Mills
Sound Bites: Eating on Tour with Franz Ferdinand	author	Alex Kapranos
Breath	author	Tim Winton
The Grisly Wife	author	Rodney Hall
Partisans	author	Alistair MacLean
The Last Frontier	author	Alistair MacLean
A Charge to Keep	author	George W. Bush
History	author	Elsa Morante
The Golden Road	author	Lucy Maud Montgomery
Shadows Over Baker Street	author	Michael Reaves
Shadows Over Baker Street	author	John Pelan
Crime in the Kennel	author	Franklin W. Dixon
Hilldiggers	author	Neal Asher
Paprika	author	Yasutaka Tsutsui
PunkTV.ca	author	Dixon Christie
Nightmare Abbey	author	Thomas Love Peacock
A Buffalope's Tale	author	Philip Caveney
Eternity in Death	author	J. D. Robb
Jake and the Kid	author	W. O. Mitchell
Samurai Crusader	author	Hiroi Oji
Samurai Crusader	author	Ryoichi Ikegami
Pro Wrestling Superstar Retsuden	author	Ikki Kajiwara
Alpha Ralpha Boulevard	author	Cordwainer Smith
Calculating God	author	Robert J. Sawyer
The Full Cupboard of Life	author	Alexander McCall Smith
TorrentFreak	author	Ernesto Van Der Sar
TorrentFreak	author	Andy Maxwell
TorrentFreak	author	Rickard Falkvinge
TorrentFreak	author	Ben Jones
Espresso Tales	author	Alexander McCall Smith
The Samson Option: Israel's Nuclear Arsenal and American Foreign Policy	author	Seymour Hersh
Yellow	author	Don Lee
The Friendly Persuasion	author	Jessamyn West
Carnosaur	author	Harry Adam Knight
Escape from Raven Castle	author	J. J. Fortune
The Last Party	author	Adele Morales
Dr. Adder	author	K. W. Jeter
The Question Concerning Technology	author	Martin Heidegger
How Children Fail	author	John Caldwell Holt
Tom Cruise: An Unauthorized Biography	author	Andrew Morton
Evil in Paradise	author	J. J. Fortune
14,000 Things to be Happy About	author	Barbara Ann Kipfer
A Guide to the Perplexed	author	Gilad Atzmon
Cold Heaven	author	Brian Moore
Growing Up Absurd	author	Paul Goodman
Ten Days in a Mad-House	author	Nellie Bly
In the Company of Cheerful Ladies	author	Alexander McCall Smith
Odd Hours	author	Dean Koontz
The Towers of Trebizond	author	Rose Macaulay
Tahdhib al-Ahkam	author	Abu Jafar Muhammad Ibn Hassan Tusi
The King's Daughter	author	Suzanne Martel
Der Nachsommer	author	Adalbert Stifter
The Weapon Makers	author	A. E. van Vogt
The Eternal Lover	author	Edgar Rice Burroughs
The Cave Girl	author	Edgar Rice Burroughs
Jinx	author	Meg Cabot
Jungle Girl	author	Edgar Rice Burroughs
Circle of Friends	author	Maeve Binchy
Blue Shoes and Happiness	author	Alexander McCall Smith
Slash	author	Slash with Anthony Bozza
Flood	author	Richard Doyle
CodeIgniter	author	EllisLab
Loyalty in Death	author	J. D. Robb
Ceph	author	Inktank Storage
An Invitation to the White House	author	Hillary Clinton
The Moon Maid	author	Edgar Rice Burroughs
Wotif.com	author	Graeme Wood
The American Way of Death	author	Jessica Mitford
Bats & Terry	author	Yasuichi Oshima
Nude Men	author	Amanda Filipacchi
Look Me in the Eye	author	John Elder Robison
The Principles of Scientific Management	author	Frederick Winslow Taylor
Soziologie	author	Eugen Rosenstock-Huessy
Red Dust	author	Gillian Slovo
Out of Revolution	author	Eugen Rosenstock-Huessy
Cop Hater	author	Evan Hunter
Speech and Reality	author	Eugen Rosenstock-Huessy
New Europe	author	Michael Palin
The Prince and the Pilgrim	author	Mary Stewart
I Am an Impure Thinker	author	Eugen Rosenstock-Huessy
The Living	author	Annie Dillard
Hard Love	author	Ellen Wittlinger
Wrinkles in Time	author	George Smoot
Wrinkles in Time	author	Keay Davidson
Star Dancer	author	Beth Webb
Lady of the Forest End	author	Gael Baudino
Reserved for the Cat	author	Mercedes Lackey
No. 5	author	Taiyo Matsumoto
The Girl in a Swing	author	Richard Adams
Midnight in Death	author	J. D. Robb
Ruth Hall	author	Fanny Fern
The Steam House	author	Jules Verne
Magic for Marigold	author	Lucy Maud Montgomery
The Beginning Place	author	Ursula K. Le Guin
Pornografia	author	Witold Gombrowicz
The Piratica Series	author	Tanith Lee
101 Ways to Bug Your Teacher	author	Lee Wardlaw
One Fine Day in the Middle of the Night	author	Christopher Brookmyre
Harpsong	author	Rilla Askew
In Our Time	author	Tom Wolfe
The Purple Decades	author	Tom Wolfe
From Bauhaus to Our House	author	Tom Wolfe
The Painted Word	author	Tom Wolfe
Tom Cruise: All the World's a Stage	author	Iain Johnstone
My Legendary Girlfriend	author	Mike Gayle
Day of Empire	author	Amy Chua
The Way to Paradise	author	Mario Vargas Llosa
A Moral Reckoning	author	Daniel Goldhagen
The Alchemist	author	Paulo Coelho
The Haunted Showboat	author	Carolyn Keene
The Clue in the Old Stagecoach	author	Carolyn Keene
Video Acceleration API	author	Intel
Helmet for My Pillow	author	Robert Leckie
Kaishain no Melody	author	Tsuyoshi Ōhashi
Coming into the Country	author	John McPhee
Monsieur	author	Lawrence Durrell
Scepticism and Animal Faith	author	George Santayana
Salmonella Men on Planet Porno	author	Yasutaka Tsutsui
Penny from Heaven	author	Jennifer L. Holm
The Maytrees	author	Annie Dillard
How Holocausts Happen	author	Douglas V. Porpora
Trapped in the USSR	author	J. J. Fortune
Courage: Eight Portraits	author	Gordon Brown
Crow Lake	author	Mary Lawson
Mara, Daughter of the Nile	author	Eloise McGraw
Trullion: Alastor 2262	author	Jack Vance
Little Boy: The Arts of Japan's Exploding Subculture	author	Takashi Murakami
Journey to Atlantis	author	J. J. Fortune
Thongor of Lemuria	author	Lin Carter
Bonobono	author	Mikio Igarashi
The Cry of the Owl	author	Patricia Highsmith
Black Coffee Blues	author	Henry Rollins
The Appeal	author	John Grisham
Archive Fever	author	Jacques Derrida
Death of a Colonial	author	Bruce Cook
I Know What You Did Last Summer	author	Lois Duncan
La Petite Fadette	author	George Sand
Metamo Kiss	author	Sora Omote
Graven Images	author	Paul Fleischman
Kedamono Damono	author	Haruka Fukushima
Philip Hall Likes Me, I Reckon Maybe	author	Bette Greene
The Sell-In	author	Craig Mathieson
Mahars of Pellucidar	author	John Eric Holmes
Time Within Time: The Diaries 1970–1986	author	Andrei Tarkovsky
Kemeko Deluxe!	author	Masakazu Iwasaki
Nogizaka Haruka no Himitsu	author	Yūsaku Igarashi
Storage@home	author	Adam Beberg
Citizen in Space	author	Robert Sheckley
Pilgrimage to Earth	author	Robert Sheckley
Blood's a Rover	author	James Ellroy
Peter Pan in Kensington Gardens	author	J. M. Barrie
Letters from a Peruvian Woman	author	Madame de Graffigny
The White Ship	author	Jackie French
Saving Fish from Drowning	author	Amy Tan
The Little White Bird	author	J. M. Barrie
You Don't Love Me Yet	author	Jonathan Lethem
Tottemo! Luckyman	author	Hiroshi Gamō
Shooting War	author	Anthony Lappé
Shina Dark	author	Bunjūrō Nakayama
The Greatest Gift	author	Philip Van Doren Stern
The Man Nobody Knows	author	Bruce Fairchild Barton
Who Wrote The Dead Sea Scrolls%3F	author	Norman Golb
Stocks for the Long Run	author	Jeremy Siegel
The Diversion	author	K. A. Applegate
Old Masters	author	Thomas Bernhard
Shakespeare: The World as Stage	author	Bill Bryson
Under the Green Star	author	Lin Carter
When the Green Star Calls	author	Lin Carter
Spook: Science Tackles the Afterlife	author	Mary Roach
Traveller	author	Richard Adams
By the Light of the Green Star	author	Lin Carter
Heart of Glass	author	Zoey Dean
Patrimony: A True Story	author	Philip Roth
Spires of Spirit	author	Gael Baudino
Women of Algiers in Their Apartment	author	Assia Djebar
Les Filles du feu	author	Gérard de Nerval
The Long Valley	author	John Steinbeck
Rim	author	Alexander Besher
The Land Leviathan	author	Michael Moorcock
A Nomad of the Time Streams	author	Michael Moorcock
Queen Victoria's Bomb	author	Ronald W. Clark
The Steel Tsar	author	Michael Moorcock
To Visit the Queen	author	Diane Duane
The Silent Stars Go By	author	James White
The Invasion of 1910	author	William Le Queux
Lovecraft's Legacy	author	edited by Robert Weinberg and Martin H. Greenberg
Averno	author	Louise Glück
Goodreads	author	Otis Chandler
En route	author	Joris-Karl Huysmans
The Cathedral	author	Joris-Karl Huysmans
The Virgin's Lover	author	Philippa Gregory
Troll Fell	author	Katherine Langrish
Invasion of the Sea	author	Jules Verne
Father Christmas	author	Raymond Briggs
The Veldt	author	Ray Bradbury
The Girls' Guide to Hunting and Fishing	author	Melissa Bank
Wanted	author	Matsuri Hino
Historical Dictionary of American Slang	author	Jonathan E. Lighter
Sébastien Roch	author	Octave Mirbeau
Troll Mill	author	Katherine Langrish
À vau-l'eau	author	Joris-Karl Huysmans
How Soccer Explains the World	author	Franklin Foer
Naturalist	author	Edward O. Wilson
The Whisper of Glocken	author	Carol Kendall
X	author	John Cage
M	author	John Cage
The Dark Hills Divide	author	Patrick Carman
Into the Mist	author	Patrick Carman
How to Suppress Women's Writing	author	Joanna Russ
The Claidi Journals	author	Tanith Lee
A Cure for Cancer	author	Michael Moorcock
The Final Programme	author	Michael Moorcock
The Condition of Muzak	author	Michael Moorcock
The English Assassin: A Romance of Entropy	author	Michael Moorcock
Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs	author	Judi Barrett
Firing the Cathedral	author	Michael Moorcock
The Adventures of Una Persson and Catherine Cornelius in the 20th Century	author	Michael Moorcock
The Lives and Times of Jerry Cornelius	author	Michael Moorcock
The Entropy Tango	author	Michael Moorcock
The Cornelius Quartet	author	Michael Moorcock
The Chase of the Golden Meteor	author	Jules Verne
Orbit Unlimited	author	Poul Anderson
The Black Leather Jacket	author	Mick Farren
The Wrong Side of the Sky	author	Gavin Lyall
The Surprising Archaea	author	John L. Howland
You Bright and Risen Angels	author	William Vollmann
A Truce, and Other Stories	author	Mary Tappan Wright
Aliens	author	Mary Tappan Wright
Body of Lies	author	David Ignatius
Midnight Plus One	author	Gavin Lyall
Venus with Pistol	author	Gavin Lyall
Antony and Cleopatra	author	Colleen McCullough
The Moffats	author	Eleanor Estes
Bicycle Repairman	author	Bruce Sterling
Blind Faith	author	Ben Elton
The Good Master	author	Kate Seredy
Cathedral	author	Nelson DeMille
By the Rivers of Babylon	author	Nelson DeMille
Word of Honor	author	Nelson DeMille
The Sniper	author	Nelson DeMille
The Hammer of God	author	Nelson DeMille
The Agent of Death	author	Nelson DeMille
The Smack Man	author	Nelson DeMille
The Cannibal	author	Nelson DeMille
The Night of the Phoenix	author	Nelson DeMille
Mayday	author	Thomas Block with Nelson DeMille
The Talbot Odyssey	author	Nelson DeMille
The Charm School	author	Nelson DeMille
The Gold Coast	author	Nelson DeMille
The Forgotten Beasts of Eld	author	Patricia A. McKillip
The General's Daughter	author	Nelson DeMille
Why Are We in Vietnam%3F	author	Norman Mailer
The Lawless Roads	author	Graham Greene
The Natural History and Antiquities of Selborne	author	Gilbert White
The Dark Heart of Italy	author	Tobias Jones
Just Above My Head	author	James Baldwin
Blues for Mister Charlie	author	James Baldwin
Tell Me How Long the Train's Been Gone	author	James Baldwin
No Name in the Street	author	James Baldwin
Fire Dreamer	author	Beth Webb
A Rap on Race	author	James Baldwin
A Rap on Race	author	Margaret Mead
Light House: A Trifle	author	William Monahan
The Salt Roads	author	Nalo Hopkinson
Farthing	author	Jo Walton
Ventus	author	Karl Schroeder
Rich Like Us	author	Nayantara Sahgal
Energy and American Society: Thirteen Myths	author	Benjamin K. Sovacool
Energy and American Society: Thirteen Myths	author	Marilyn A. Brown
The Revolt of Aphrodite	author	Lawrence Durrell
Trumpet	author	Jackie Kay
The First Post	author	Mark Law
The Jesus Dynasty	author	James Tabor
The Nine Billion Names of God	author	Arthur C. Clarke
Tango on intohimoni	author	M. A. Numminen
The Gift of Fear	author	Gavin de Becker
Gloriana	author	Michael Moorcock
Let's Put the Future Behind Us	author	Jack Womack
Mormon Scientist	author	Henry J. Eyring
As the Green Star Rises	author	Lin Carter
Before	author	Gael Baudino
Madol Doova	author	Martin Wickremasinghe
The Vor Game	author	Lois McMaster Bujold
The Metatemporal Detective	author	Michael Moorcock
The Death of Vishnu	author	Manil Suri
Praisesong for the Widow	author	Paule Marshall
Jane and Prudence	author	Barbara Pym
In the Green Star's Glow	author	Lin Carter
Eat a Bowl of Tea	author	Louis Chu
The Avignon Quintet	author	Lawrence Durrell
Sebastian	author	Lawrence Durrell
The Village in the Treetops	author	Jules Verne
Honoured Enemy	author	Raymond E. Feist
Honoured Enemy	author	William R. Forstchen
Murder in LaMut	author	Raymond E. Feist
Murder in LaMut	author	Joel Rosenberg
Jimmy the Hand	author	Raymond E. Feist
Jimmy the Hand	author	S. M. Stirling
The Sentinel	author	Arthur C. Clarke
The Albatross	author	Susan Hill
Yahoo! Green	author	Yahoo!
The Fall of the Towers	author	Samuel R. Delany
Jeremy Clarkson's Motorworld	author	Jeremy Clarkson
Rommel Drives on Deep into Egypt	author	Richard Brautigan
Special Delivery	author	Danielle Steel
Balthazar	author	Lawrence Durrell
Mountolive	author	Lawrence Durrell
Follow the Rabbit-Proof Fence	author	Doris Pilkington Garimara
The New Despotism	author	Gordon Hewart, 1st Viscount Hewart
Badshahi Angti	author	Satyajit Ray
The World My Wilderness	author	Rose Macaulay
Belinda	author	Maria Edgeworth
White Bicycles	author	Joe Boyd
Library War	author	Hiro Arikawa
The Best of Arthur C. Clarke	author	Arthur C. Clarke
Tales from Planet Earth	author	Arthur C. Clarke
Portrait in Sepia	author	Isabel Allende
Kilmeny of the Orchard	author	Lucy Maud Montgomery
More Than One Universe	author	Arthur C. Clarke
Friday Night Lights: A Town, a Team, and a Dream	author	H. G. Bissinger
Allies and Aliens	author	Roger MacBride Allen
Our Dumb World	author	The Onion
Fablehaven	author	Brandon Mull
Artemis Fowl: The Lost Colony	author	Eoin Colfer
The Warriors of Spider	author	W. Michael Gear
Love Creeps	author	Amanda Filipacchi
Now, Now, Markus	author	Martin Auer
The Blue Boy	author	Martin Auer
Amuri in Star Ocean	author	Yoshitomo Yonetani
My Booky Wook	author	Russell Brand
Imperial Stars	author	E E Doc Smith
Freesia	author	Jiro Matsumoto
The Journal of Arthur Stirling	author	Upton Sinclair
Three in Love	author	Shioko Mizuki
Bad Elements	author	Ian Buruma
Ports of Call	author	Jack Vance
Carpentaria	author	Alexis Wright
Gangster	author	Lorenzo Carcaterra
Getting It: The Psychology of est	author	Sheridan Fenwick, Ph.D.
Manifestoes of Surrealism	author	André Breton
The Primrose Path	author	Bram Stoker
The Black Book	author	Lawrence Durrell
Treading Air	author	Jaan Kross
Billy and Blaze	author	Clarence William Anderson
King of the City	author	Michael Moorcock
Mother London	author	Michael Moorcock
The Castles of Athlin and Dunbayne	author	Ann Radcliffe
A Sicilian Romance	author	Ann Radcliffe
The Romance of the Forest	author	Ann Radcliffe
The Man Who Won the War	author	Robert Buckner
Clermont	author	Regina Maria Roche
Le Calvaire	author	Octave Mirbeau
The Mummy's Foot	author	Théophile Gautier
Kyō Kara Ore Wa!!	author	Hiroyuki Nishimori
The Abbess	author	William Henry Ireland
Makoto-chan	author	Kazuo Umezu
The Haunted Jester	author	Donald Corley
The Small Assassin	author	Ray Bradbury
Goodbye California	author	Alistair MacLean
Twice 22	author	Ray Bradbury
Sun and Shadow	author	Ray Bradbury
Theologus Autodidactus	author	Ibn al-Nafis
Tidings of Comfort and Joy	author	Gael Baudino
Ray Bradbury	author	Ray Bradbury
The Adventures of Ferdinand Count Fathom	author	Tobias Smollett
The Old English Baron	author	Clara Reeve
Skeleton Man	author	Tony Hillerman
Long After Midnight	author	Ray Bradbury
NewMusicBox	author	Frank J. Oteri
The Christmas Mystery	author	Jostein Gaarder
A Special Providence	author	Richard Yates
Good Morning, Midnight	author	Reginald Hill
Recalled to Life	author	Reginald Hill
The Mysterious Universe	author	Sir James Jeans
To Kill the Potemkin	author	Mark Joseph
Dragon of the Lost Sea	author	Laurence Yep
Dragon Steel	author	Laurence Yep
The Mummies of Guanajuato	author	Ray Bradbury
The Fog Horn & Other Stories	author	Ray Bradbury
The Fog Horn and Other Stories	author	Ray Bradbury
The Aqueduct	author	Ray Bradbury
The Castle of Wolfenbach	author	Eliza Parsons
Duel for the Samurai Sword	author	J. J. Fortune
The Midnight Bell	author	Francis Latham
The Last Circus and the Electrocution	author	Ray Bradbury
Dragonsword	author	Gael Baudino
Dinosaur Tales	author	Ray Bradbury
Culture and Imperialism	author	Edward Said
The Dragon	author	Ray Bradbury
Changes in the Land	author	William Cronon
Mitchell Report	author	George J. Mitchell
Mitchell Report	author	DLA Piper
Mitchell Report	author	Law firm
Smith Magazine	author	Larry Smith, Tim Barkow
The Standard Code of Parliamentary Procedure	author	American Institute of Parliamentarians
The Standard Code of Parliamentary Procedure	author	Alice Sturgis
The Toynbee Convector	author	Ray Bradbury
The Lady of the Barge	author	W.W. Jacobs
Classic Stories 1	author	Ray Bradbury
Classic Stories 2	author	Ray Bradbury
CuneiForm	author	Cognitive Technologies
AppJet	author	Aaron Iba, J.D. Zamfirescu and David Greenspan
Chinese Cinderella and the Secret Dragon Society	author	Adeline Yen Mah
The Parrot Who Met Papa	author	Ray Bradbury and David Aronovitz
Selected from Dark They Were, and Golden-Eyed	author	Ray Bradbury
Degeneration	author	Max Nordau
Pursuit of the Deadly Diamonds	author	J. J. Fortune
Driving Blind	author	Ray Bradbury
Ray Bradbury Collected Short Stories	author	Ray Bradbury
Watashi no Messiah-sama	author	Suu Minazuki
The Firework-Maker's Daughter	author	Philip Pullman
The Dragon Who Ate His Tail	author	Ray Bradbury
Is That You, Herb%3F	author	Ray Bradbury
Nationalism and Culture	author	Rudolf Rocker
From the Dust Returned	author	Ray Bradbury
Hikkatsu! Strike a Blow to Vivify	author	Yu Yagami
Original Meanings: Politics and Ideas in the Making of the Constitution	author	Jack N. Rakove
On Lies, Secrets and Silence	author	Adrienne Rich
A Vindication of the Rights of Whores	author	Gail Pheterson
Timeless Stories for Today and Tomorrow	author	edited by Ray Bradbury
The Circus of Dr. Lao and Other Improbable Stories	author	edited by Ray Bradbury
So B. It	author	Sarah Weeks
Nuclear Nebraska	author	Susan Cragin
Gracie: A Love Story	author	George Burns
Born Standing Up	author	Steve Martin
Now and Forever	author	Danielle Steel
The Logic of Sense	author	Gilles Deleuze
V The Second Generation	author	Kenneth Johnson
Escape	author	Carolyn Jessop
Escape	author	Laura Palmer
The Mask of Sanity	author	Hervey M. Cleckley
The Cat Who Played Post Office	author	Lilian Jackson Braun
The Sacred Land	author	Harry Turtledove
Acorna's Search	author	Anne McCaffrey and Elizabeth Ann Scarborough
The War Between the Classes	author	Gloria D. Miklowitz
Darkside	author	Tom Becker
The Hand of the Devil	author	Dean Vincent Carter
Mars: The Home Front	author	George Alec Effinger
Millions of Cats	author	Wanda Gág
United States Submarine Operations in World War II	author	Theodore Roscoe
Men of Stone	author	Gayle Friesen
An Inconvenient Book	author	Glenn Beck
Tales of Joujouka	author	Mohamed Hamri
Shadow of the Dragon	author	Sherry Garland
Ender's Game	author	Orson Scott Card
The Everglades: River of Grass	author	Marjory Stoneman Douglas
The Gold Bug	author	Orson Scott Card
Mazer in Prison	author	Orson Scott Card
Evil Genius	author	Catherine Jinks
The Ghost of Thomas Kempe	author	Penelope Lively
Shards of Honor	author	Lois McMaster Bujold
In the Shadows	author	Joseph Lidster
Everyone Says Hello	author	Dan Abnett
A Mysterious Affair of Style	author	Gilbert Adair
Dragon Cauldron	author	Laurence Yep
Dragon War	author	Laurence Yep
Dragon	author	Laurence Yep
Kimi ga Aruji de Shitsuji ga Ore de	author	Hamao Kō
Holy Moly	author	Jamie East
Bureaucracy	author	Ludwig von Mises
Pioneers of American Freedom	author	Rudolf Rocker
The Legion of Space	author	Jack Williamson
2 B R 0 2 B	author	Kurt Vonnegut
The Black Curtain	author	Cornell Woolrich
Little Golden Guy	author	Brian Barney
Alive: The Final Evolution	author	Tadashi Kawashima
The Scarecrow and his Servant	author	Philip Pullman
LightZone	author	Light Crafts
Winter in Madrid	author	C. J. Sansom
Necropolis	author	Anthony Horowitz
Judas Country	author	Gavin Lyall
Duel of Dragons	author	Gael Baudino
Dragon Death	author	Gael Baudino
The Killer Inside Me	author	Jim Thompson
The Code of Romulus	author	Caroline Lawrence
Dustbin Baby	author	Jacqueline Wilson
The Waxworks Murder	author	John Dickson Carr
Sly Mongoose	author	Tobias S. Buckell
The Problem of the Wire Cage	author	John Dickson Carr
The Enchanter	author	Vladimir Nabokov
To Wake the Dead	author	John Dickson Carr
The Nine Wrong Answers	author	John Dickson Carr
The Bride of Newgate	author	John Dickson Carr
Tatto Media	author	Lucas Brown, Lee Brown, Lin Miao, Andrew Bachman
I Wish That I Had Duck Feet	author	Theo. LeSieg
Green Light	author	Lloyd C. Douglas
Sepulchre	author	Kate Mosse
The Crocus List	author	Gavin Lyall
Uncle Target	author	Gavin Lyall
For a Living	author	Nicholas Coles
For a Living	author	Peter Oresick
Hexwood	author	Diana Wynne Jones
Season of Passion	author	Danielle Steel
Wanderlust	author	Danielle Steel
Pittsburgh Book of Contemporary American Poetry	author	Ed Ochester
Pittsburgh Book of Contemporary American Poetry	author	Peter Oresick
Thurston House	author	Danielle Steel
Finding Violet Park	author	Jenny Valentine
The Damned Utd	author	David Peace
Self-Help	author	Samuel Smiles
Shiratori Reiko de Gozaimasu!	author	Yumiko Suzuki
The Sleeping Sphinx	author	John Dickson Carr
Patrick Butler for the Defense	author	John Dickson Carr
The Dead Man's Knock	author	John Dickson Carr
Castle Skull	author	John Dickson Carr
The Chase	author	Clive Cussler
The Upstairs Room	author	Johanna Reiss
A Company of Swans	author	Eva Ibbotson
Evolution of Infectious Disease	author	Paul W. Ewald
Alleys of Peril	author	Robert E. Howard
The Man with the Iron Heart	author	Harry Turtledove
Circus Fists	author	Robert E. Howard
Champ of the Forecastle	author	Robert E. Howard
Texas Fists	author	Robert E. Howard
Sluggers on the Beach	author	Robert E. Howard
The Slugger's Game	author	Robert E. Howard
The Bull Dog Breed	author	Robert E. Howard
The Sign of the Snake	author	Robert E. Howard
Sailor's Grudge	author	Robert E. Howard
Breed of Battle	author	Robert E. Howard
Blow the Chinks Down!	author	Robert E. Howard
The Pit of the Serpent	author	Robert E. Howard
Night of Battle	author	Robert E. Howard
Be My Guest	author	Damon Knight
The Pleasure of Finding Things Out	author	Carl Feynman
The Pleasure of Finding Things Out	author	Michelle Feynman
The Man Who Could Not Shudder	author	John Dickson Carr
Blue Spring	author	Taiyo Matsumoto
The Latke Who Couldn't Stop Screaming	author	Lemony Snicket
The Black Spectacles	author	John Dickson Carr
Furiten-kun	author	Masashi Ueda
Till Death Do Us Part	author	John Dickson Carr
The House at Satan's Elbow	author	John Dickson Carr
A Place Called Here	author	Cecelia Ahern
Burned	author	Ellen Hopkins
A Monetary History of the United States	author	Milton Friedman
A Monetary History of the United States	author	Anna Schwartz
The Conduct of Major Maxim	author	Gavin Lyall
The Secret Servant	author	Gavin Lyall
In a Lonely Place	author	Dorothy B. Hughes
Cool It: The Skeptical Environmentalist's Guide to Global Warming	author	Bjørn Lomborg
A Confederate General from Big Sur	author	Richard Brautigan
Beyond the Valley of Thorns	author	Patrick Carman
Jason and Marceline	author	Jerry Spinelli
Magician's Academy	author	Ichirō Sakaki
Chosen	author	Ted Dekker
Written in Blood	author	Caroline Graham
Sombrero Fallout: A Japanese Novel	author	Richard Brautigan
New Rules: Polite Musings from a Timid Observer	author	Bill Maher
Infidel	author	Ted Dekker
SS	author	Shohei Harumoto
The Hawkline Monster: A Gothic Western	author	Richard Brautigan
The Mad Hatter Mystery	author	John Dickson Carr
The Devil in Velvet	author	John Dickson Carr
Death Turns the Tables	author	John Dickson Carr
Toba Tek Singh	author	Saadat Hasan Manto
Miss America	author	Howard Stern
The Testament of Gideon Mack	author	James Robertson
Berserk	author	Ally Kennen
A Mercy	author	Toni Morrison
An Unfortunate Woman: A Journey	author	Richard Brautigan
Sakura no Sono	author	Akimi Yoshida
The Chocolate Touch	author	Patrick Skene Catling
The Tokyo-Montana Express	author	Richard Brautigan
Tenderness	author	Robert Cormier
Lucy Gayheart	author	Willa Cather
Message from Nam	author	Danielle Steel
Mixed Blessings	author	Danielle Steel
Fine Things	author	Danielle Steel
In the Dark of the Night	author	John Saul
Beside the Ocean of Time	author	George Mackay Brown
M33 in Andromeda	author	A. E. van Vogt
Out of Order	author	Phoebe Atwood Taylor
The Crimson Patch	author	Phoebe Atwood Taylor
Deathblow Hill	author	Phoebe Atwood Taylor
The Tinkling Symbol	author	Phoebe Atwood Taylor
Sandbar Sinister	author	Phoebe Atwood Taylor
The Mystery of the Cape Cod Tavern	author	Phoebe Atwood Taylor
By Love Possessed	author	James Gould Cozzens
The Broken Sword of the Empire	author	Maxim Kalashnikov
Kids Who Kill	author	Mike Huckabee
Kids Who Kill	author	George Grant
William the Dictator	author	Richmal Crompton
The Killings at Badger's Drift	author	Caroline Graham
Ice	author	Jacek Dukaj
Liberal Fascism	author	Jonah Goldberg
The Paradox of Choice	author	Barry Schwartz
The Battle for Skies	author	Maxim Kalashnikov
Brain Wave	author	Poul Anderson
Bert Breen's Barn	author	Walter D. Edmonds
An American Life	author	Ronald Reagan
A Wagner Matinee	author	Willa Cather
A Death in the Desert	author	Willa Cather
The Moon's a Balloon	author	David Niven
Silent Honor	author	Danielle Steel
Rinkin of Dragon's Wood	author	Thora Colson
On Giants' Shoulders	author	Melvyn Bragg
Singularity	author	William Sleator
Now and After	author	Alexander Berkman
Fontenoy	author	Liam Mac Cóil
Musicophilia	author	Oliver Sacks
Poison in Jest	author	John Dickson Carr
The Arabian Nights Murder	author	John Dickson Carr
The Eight of Swords	author	John Dickson Carr
Ratha and Thistle-chaser	author	Clare Bell
The Four False Weapons	author	John Dickson Carr
The Men Who Explained Miracles	author	John Dickson Carr
Three Cups of Tea	author	Greg Mortenson and David Oliver Relin
Economy and Society	author	Max Weber
Yahoo! Finance	author	Yahoo!
The Farther Shore	author	Christie Golden
The Bottom Billion	author	Paul Collier
Twilight	author	John W. Campbell
Helen O'Loy	author	Lester del Rey
Political Man	author	Seymour Martin Lipset
The Color of Death	author	Bruce Cook
Assassin	author	Anna Myers
Five Times Dizzy	author	Nadia Wheatley
Hag's Nook	author	John Dickson Carr
The Demoniacs	author	John Dickson Carr
In Spite of Thunder	author	John Dickson Carr
The Copper Scroll	author	Joel C. Rosenberg
The Witch of the Low Tide	author	John Dickson Carr
2nd Chance	author	James Patterson
Crazy Lady!	author	Jane Leslie Conly
Race Matters	author	Cornel West
My Life: A Spoken Autobiography	author	Fidel Castro
The Creationists	author	Ronald Numbers
The Shame of the Nation	author	Jonathan Kozol
Nothing Like It in the World	author	Stephen E. Ambrose
Ha'penny	author	Jo Walton
Half a Crown	author	Jo Walton
2081: A Hopeful View of the Human Future	author	Gerard K. O'Neill
The Five Ages of the Universe	author	Fred Adams and Gregory Laughlin
The Fifth Son of the Shoemaker	author	Donald Corley
Improving the Neighbourhood	author	Arthur C. Clarke
A Gold Slipper	author	Willa Cather
Three Mile Island: A Nuclear Crisis in Historical Perspective	author	J. Samuel Walker
The Corsican Brothers	author	Alexandre Dumas, père
Venus as a Boy	author	Luke Sutherland
London Calling	author	Edward Bloor
The Lucifer Principle	author	Howard Bloom
Cocaine Blues	author	Kerry Greenwood
Ryūrōden	author	Yoshito Yamahara
Sword Quest	author	Nancy Yi Fan
Legendary Gambler Tetsuya	author	Fūmei Sai
Legendary Gambler Tetsuya	author	Yasushi Hoshino
Dreaming of Babylon: A Private Eye Novel 1942	author	Richard Brautigan
Best Word Book Ever	author	Richard Scarry
A Hard Day's Death	author	Raymond Benson
The Golden Keel	author	Desmond Bagley
Wyatt's Hurricane	author	Desmond Bagley
Running Blind	author	Desmond Bagley
Bahama Crisis	author	Desmond Bagley
The Enemy	author	Desmond Bagley
The Century for Young People	author	Peter Jennings and Todd Brewster
This Night's Foul Work	author	Fred Vargas
The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo	author	Stieg Larsson
Socks	author	Beverly Cleary
The City of Dreaming Books	author	Walter Moers
Mosaic: Pieces of My Life So Far	author	Amy Grant
The King's Peace	author	Jo Walton
The King's Name	author	Jo Walton
The Prize in the Game	author	Jo Walton
Eleven Hours	author	Paullina Simons
Microcosmic God	author	Theodore Sturgeon
The Geography of Bliss	author	Eric Weiner
The Wild Blue: The Novel of the U.S. Air Force	author	Walter J. Boyne
The Wild Blue: The Novel of the U.S. Air Force	author	Steven L. Thompson
Fortune's Fool	author	Mercedes Lackey
Maes-e	author	www.morfablog.com
Open Sesame	author	Kawakata Kaoru
Imaginative Sex	author	John Norman
Kowloon Tong	author	Paul Theroux
Driftglass	author	Samuel R. Delany
Distant Stars	author	Samuel R. Delany
Kurosagi	author	Takeshi Natsuhara
Där vi en gång gått	author	Kjell Westö
The Tipping Point	author	Malcolm Gladwell
The Battle of the Labyrinth	author	Rick Riordan
The Seven Songs of Merlin	author	T. A. Barron
Tyrants Destroyed and Other Stories	author	Vladimir Nabokov
The Alpine Path: The Story of My Career	author	Lucy Maud Montgomery
A Heritage and Its History	author	Ivy Compton-Burnett
Fathers and Crows	author	William T. Vollmann
The Weapon Shop	author	A. E. van Vogt
Kisses, Sighs, and Cherry Blossom Pink	author	Milk Morinaga
Starshards	author	Samuel R. Delany
The Complete Nebula Award-Winning Fiction	author	Samuel R. Delany
La Morte Amoureuse	author	Théophile Gautier
La Vénus d'Ille	author	Prosper Mérimée
1	author	edited by Samuel R. Delany and Marilyn Hacker
2	author	edited by Samuel R. Delany and Marilyn Hacker
3	author	edited by Samuel R. Delany and Marilyn Hacker
The Dream Merchant	author	Isabel Hoving
4	author	edited by Samuel R. Delany and Marilyn Hacker
When the Devil Dances	author	John Ringo
Nebula Winners Thirteen	author	edited by Samuel R. Delany
Psyren	author	Toshiaki Iwashiro
Dreamer of Dune	author	Brian Herbert
The Hardcore Diaries	author	Mick Foley
X-Kai-	author	Asami Tohjoh
Periwinkle at the Full Moon Ball	author	Geneviève Huriet
Meg and Seron	author	Keiichi Sigsawa
Huddling Place	author	Clifford D. Simak
Dinner Party	author	Pier Vittorio Tondelli
Dark of the Sun	author	Wilbur Smith
Five Days in Paris	author	Danielle Steel
Impulse	author	Ellen Hopkins
The Bookkeeper's Wife	author	Willa Cather
Time and Chance	author	Kim Campbell
Odalisque	author	Fiona McIntosh
Mars Is Heaven!	author	Ray Bradbury
Born of Man and Woman	author	Richard Matheson
Tales of Known Space	author	Larry Niven
The Aware	author	Glenda Larke
Çalıkuşu	author	Reşat Nuri Güntekin
My Lovely Ghost Kana	author	Yutaka Tanaka
Nightwings	author	Robert Silverberg
The Saturn Game	author	Poul Anderson
Lost Dorsai	author	Gordon R. Dickson
24 Views of Mt. Fuji, by Hokusai	author	Roger Zelazny
Back to Blood	author	Tom Wolfe
Gilgamesh in the Outback	author	Robert Silverberg
The Cat Who Knew Shakespeare	author	Lilian Jackson Braun
Sunset in St. Tropez	author	Danielle Steel
Come, Tell Me How You Live	author	Agatha Christie
Pakistan Declaration	author	Chaudhry Rehmat Ali
Willard and His Bowling Trophies: A Perverse Mystery	author	Richard Brautigan
Australian Music Online	author	Reamont Pty Ltd
Exploration Team	author	Murray Leinster
The Last Castle	author	Jack Vance
Legions in Time	author	Michael Swanwick
Smile, You're Traveling	author	Henry Rollins
The Sharing of Flesh	author	Poul Anderson
The Cloak and the Staff	author	Gordon R. Dickson
Buffalo Gals, Won't You Come Out Tonight	author	Ursula K. Le Guin
Permafrost	author	Roger Zelazny
First Contact	author	Murray Leinster
Lion of Ireland	author	Morgan Llywelyn
Slow Life	author	Michael Swanwick
Thor Meets Captain America	author	David Brin
A Lick of Frost	author	Laurell K. Hamilton
Pietà	author	Nanae Haruno
The Bone Forest	author	Robert Holdstock
Coming Attraction	author	Fritz Leiber
Surface Tension	author	James Blish
The Quest for Saint Aquin	author	Anthony Boucher
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians	author	Brandon Sanderson
Gate of Ivory, Gate of Horn	author	Robert Holdstock
Wish You Well	author	David Baldacci
Beachheads in Space	author	edited by August Derleth
Beyond Time and Space	author	edited by August Derleth
None So Blind	author	Joe Haldeman
Speech Sounds	author	Octavia Butler
The Longest Voyage	author	Poul Anderson
Le Père de nos pères	author	Bernard Werber
No Truce with Kings	author	Poul Anderson
Far Boundaries	author	edited by August Derleth
Why I Left Harry's All-Night Hamburgers	author	Lawrence Watt-Evans
Travels with My Cats	author	Mike Resnick
Love-Letters Between a Nobleman and His Sister	author	Aphra Behn
Oddkins: A Fable for All Ages	author	Dean Koontz
Before Green Gables	author	Budge Wilson
Everything on a Waffle	author	Polly Horvath
The Waste Land	author	T. S. Eliot
The Bears on Hemlock Mountain	author	Alice Dalgliesh
The Expert at the Card Table	author	S. W. Erdnase
To Live	author	Yu Hua
The Night Side	author	edited by August Derleth
The Outer Reaches	author	edited by August Derleth
Mahanayak	author	Vishvas Patil
Love Among the Ruins. A Romance of the Near Future	author	Evelyn Waugh
The Unicorn Series	author	Tanith Lee
Family Guy: Stewie's Guide to World Domination	author	Steve Callaghan
Otomen	author	Aya Kanno
Night's Sorceries	author	Tanith Lee
Night's Master	author	Tanith Lee
The S.I.L.V.E.R. Series	author	Tanith Lee
Delirium's Mistress	author	Tanith Lee
Don't Bite the Sun	author	Tanith Lee
Death's Master	author	Tanith Lee
Delusion's Master	author	Tanith Lee
The Birthgrave	author	Tanith Lee
Venus Preserved	author	Tanith Lee
El Buscón	author	Francisco de Quevedo
Family Guy: Brian's Guide to Booze, Broads, and the Lost Art of Being a Man	author	Andrew Goldberg
Shutter Island	author	Dennis Lehane
Nada the Lily	author	H. Rider Haggard
From Other Worlds	author	edited by August Derleth
Stonewall Jackson and the American Civil War	author	George Francis Robert Henderson
The Other Side of the Moon	author	edited by August Derleth
Ayakashi	author	Crossnet
Ayakashi	author	Yuushi Kanoe
Day	author	A. L. Kennedy
What Was Lost	author	Catherine O'Flynn
Old Europe, New Europe, Core Europe	author	Daniel Levy
White Stains	author	Aleister Crowley
A Summer to Die	author	Lois Lowry
Moscow 1812: Napoleon's Fatal March	author	Adam Zamoyski
Master Georgie	author	Beryl Bainbridge
Star Science Fiction Stories No.1	author	various
Star Science Fiction Stories No.1	author	edited by Frederik Pohl
Portals of Tomorrow	author	edited by August Derleth
Sleep No More	author	edited by August Derleth
The Star of Cottonland	author	Yumiko Ōshima
The Sleeping and the Dead	author	edited by August Derleth
Strange Ports of Call	author	edited by August Derleth
The Time of Infinity	author	edited by August Derleth
Time to Come	author	edited by August Derleth
The Unquiet Grave	author	edited by August Derleth
The Navigator	author	Clive Cussler, with Paul Kemprecos
When Evil Wakes	author	edited by August Derleth
Who Knocks%3F	author	edited by August Derleth
Worlds of Tomorrow	author	edited by August Derleth
The Soul of the Rhino	author	by Hemanta Mishra, with Jim Ottaway Jr.; With forewords by Bruce Babbitt and Jim Fowler
New Worlds for Old	author	edited by August Derleth
Dancing After Hours	author	Andre Dubus
A Handful of Darkness	author	Philip K. Dick
The Variable Man	author	Philip K. Dick
The Preserving Machine	author	Philip K. Dick
The Book of Philip K. Dick	author	Philip K. Dick
The Best of Philip K. Dick	author	Philip K. Dick
The Golden Man	author	Philip K. Dick
Discoveries in Australia	author	John Lort Stokes
Fujoshi Rumi	author	Natsumi Konjoh
Beyond a Boundary	author	C. L. R. James
Mirai Keisatsu Urashiman	author	Hirohisa Soda
Darkwalker on Moonshae	author	Douglas Niles
Robots, Androids, and Mechanical Oddities	author	Philip K. Dick
I Hope I Shall Arrive Soon	author	Philip K. Dick
Ambassador Morgenthau's Story	author	Henry Morgenthau, Sr.
The Glass Palace	author	Amitav Ghosh
Panic Spring	author	Lawrence Durrell
Empress	author	Shan Sa
Tarnished Heisman	author	Don Yaeger
A Gentle Breeze in the Village	author	Fusako Kuramochi
The Collected Stories of Philip K. Dick	author	Philip K. Dick
The Concept of the Political	author	Carl Schmitt
The Footballer's Wife	author	Kerry Katona
The Footballer's Wife	author	Fanny Blake
Beyond Lies the Wub	author	Philip K. Dick
Gunnar's Daughter	author	Sigrid Undset
Time Considered as a Helix of Semi-Precious Stones	author	Samuel R. Delany
Passengers	author	Robert Silverberg
Or All the Seas with Oysters	author	Avram Davidson
Fermi and Frost	author	Frederik Pohl
Rat	author	James Patrick Kelly
When It Changed	author	Joanna Russ
Starship Troupers	author	Christopher Stasheff
Tough Love	author	Kerry Katona
Tough Love	author	Fanny Blake
Stage6	author	DivX, Inc.
Second Variety	author	Philip K. Dick
The Crystal Spheres	author	David Brin
The Father-Thing	author	Philip K. Dick
The Days of Perky Pat	author	Philip K. Dick
Birds of South Asia. The Ripley Guide	author	Pamela C. Rasmussen and John C. Anderton
The Little Black Box	author	Philip K. Dick
The Dark Haired Girl	author	Philip K. Dick
Second Variety	author	Philip K. Dick
We Can Remember It for You Wholesale	author	Philip K. Dick
The Short Happy Life of the Brown Oxford	author	Philip K. Dick
The Minority Report	author	Philip K. Dick
The Eye of the Sibyl	author	Philip K. Dick
Abaqus	author	Dassault Systemes
99 Coffins	author	David Wellington
Can Ladies Kill%3F	author	Peter Cheyney
Fredmans epistlar	author	Carl Michael Bellman
Papa Told Me	author	Nanae Haruno
Debbugs	author	Ian Jackson
The Choice	author	Nicholas Sparks
The Green Ripper	author	John D. MacDonald
The Philip K. Dick Reader	author	Philip K. Dick
Selected Stories of Philip K. Dick	author	Philip K. Dick
Blood Rites	author	Jim Butcher
Proven Guilty	author	Jim Butcher
Dead Beat	author	Jim Butcher
White Night	author	Jim Butcher
Paycheck	author	Philip K. Dick
Three Bags Full	author	Leonie Swann
Vintage PKD	author	Philip K. Dick
Perri	author	Felix Salten
Earthman's Burden	author	Poul Anderson and Gordon Dickson
So You Want to Tread the Boards	author	Jennifer Reischel
Good Masters! Sweet Ladies!	author	Laura Amy Schlitz
Minority Report	author	Philip K. Dick
Dark Shanghai	author	Robert E. Howard
Fist and Fang	author	Robert E. Howard
General Ironfist	author	Robert E. Howard
Waterfront Fists	author	Robert E. Howard
Winner Take All	author	Robert E. Howard
El Señor Presidente	author	Miguel Ángel Asturias
Daniel Half Human	author	David Chotjewitz
The Shape Shifter	author	Tony Hillerman
ARToolKit	author	Hirokazu Kato
Odnoklassniki	author	Albert Popkov
Gorgeous Carat	author	You Higuri
Rogue Male	author	Geoffrey Household
A Night at Greenway Court	author	Willa Cather
The Shakespeare Stealer	author	Gary Blackwood
Danger—Human	author	Gordon R. Dickson
Rumble Fish	author	S. E. Hinton
A Meeting at Corvallis	author	S. M. Stirling
Owen Glendower	author	John Cowper Powys
The Liars' Club	author	Mary Karr
Mutants	author	Gordon R. Dickson
My Life as a Traitor	author	Zarah Ghahramani, Robert Hillman
The Sight	author	David Clement-Davies
The Film Club	author	David Gilmour
The Star Road	author	Gordon R. Dickson
Ancient, My Enemy	author	Gordon R. Dickson
Gordon R. Dickson's SF Best	author	Gordon R. Dickson
A Stranger Came Ashore	author	Mollie Hunter
Man and Boy	author	Tony Parsons
The Spirit of Dorsai	author	Gordon R. Dickson
Short Trips: The Quality of Leadership	author	Keith R.A. DeCandido
The Business Man	author	Edgar Allan Poe
Yoiko	author	Yūgo Ishikawa
Doctor Dolittle and the Green Canary	author	Hugh Lofting
Waiting for the Rain	author	Sheila Gordon
Love and Sex with Robots	author	David Levy
Monkey Turn	author	Katsutoshi Kawai
Go!! Southern Ice Hockey Club	author	Kōji Kumeta
Born Fighting	author	Jim Webb
EPICAC	author	Kurt Vonnegut
In Iron Years	author	Gordon R. Dickson
Lost Dorsai	author	Gordon R. Dickson
Just After Sunset	author	Stephen King
Love Not Human	author	Gordon R. Dickson
Hoka!	author	Poul Anderson and Gordon Dickson
The Mysterious Warning, a German Tale	author	Eliza Parsons
Code Orange	author	Caroline B. Cooney
The Man from Earth	author	Gordon R. Dickson
The Blessing	author	Nancy Mitford
The Shepherdess and the Chimney Sweep	author	Hans Christian Andersen
Umrao Jaan Ada	author	Mirza Hadi Ruswa
The Magicians	author	J. B. Priestley
Kiss	author	Jacqueline Wilson
On Wings of Eagles	author	Ken Follett
Nation	author	Terry Pratchett
Waiting	author	Ha Jin
Flyaway	author	Desmond Bagley
Madeline in America and Other Holiday Tales	author	Ludwig Bemelmans
Madeline and the Bad Hat	author	Ludwig Bemelmans
The Brave Bulls	author	Thomas C. Lea, III
Culture Made Stupid	author	Tom Weller
Survival!	author	Gordon R. Dickson
Fortunata y Jacinta	author	Benito Pérez Galdós
Dickson!	author	Gordon R. Dickson
Steel Brother	author	Gordon R. Dickson
Avilion	author	Robert Holdstock
Beyond the Dar Al-Harb	author	Gordon R. Dickson
Forward!	author	Gordon R. Dickson
Invaders!	author	Gordon R. Dickson
The Queen of Air and Darkness	author	Poul Anderson
The Myth of the Plan	author	Peter Rutland
Wolfblade	author	Jennifer Fallon
The Man from Beijing	author	Henning Mankell
The Right Stuff	author	Tom Wolfe
A Singer's Romance	author	Willa Cather
The Dorsai Companion	author	Gordon R. Dickson
Epiphany	author	David Hewson
Goat Song	author	Poul Anderson
The Last Dream	author	Gordon R. Dickson
The Man the Worlds Rejected	author	Gordon R. Dickson
Mindspan	author	Gordon R. Dickson
The Post-War Dream	author	Mitch Cullin
Zen Mind, Beginner's Mind	author	Shunryu Suzuki
Zen Mind, Beginner's Mind	author	Trudy Dixon and Richard Baker
The Stranger	author	Gordon R. Dickson
In the Bone	author	Gordon R. Dickson
The Compass of Zen	author	Seung Sahn
The Compass of Zen	author	Hyon Gak
The Phenomenon of Man	author	Pierre Teilhard de Chardin
Beginnings	author	Gordon R. Dickson
Guided Tour	author	Gordon R. Dickson
Hoka! Hoka! Hoka!	author	Poul Anderson and Gordon Dickson
Hokas Pokas!	author	Poul Anderson and Gordon Dickson
The Island of Eternal Love	author	Daína Chaviano
To Each His Own	author	Leonardo Sciascia
The Teapot	author	Hans Christian Andersen
Super Pig	author	Willie Rushton
The Turquoise	author	Anya Seton
The Geranium	author	Flannery O'Connor
The Human Edge	author	Gordon R. Dickson
A Human Being Died That Night	author	Pumla Gobodo-Madikizela
Rod Serling's Triple W: Witches, Warlocks and Werewolves	author	edited by Rod Serling
Tristes Tropiques	author	Claude Lévi-Strauss
Seven Myths of the Spanish Conquest	author	Matthew Restall
Reflections in a Golden Eye	author	Carson McCullers
Le Chef-d'œuvre inconnu	author	Honoré de Balzac
The Cat Who Sniffed Glue	author	Lilian Jackson Braun
The Ship's Cat	author	Richard Adams
Rod Serling's Devils and Demons	author	edited by Rod Serling
Combat SF	author	edited by Gordon R. Dickson
Nebula Winners Twelve	author	edited by Gordon R. Dickson
Between the Bridge and the River	author	Craig Ferguson
The Harriers	author	edited by Gordon R. Dickson
Blood and War	author	edited by Gordon R. Dickson
The Best Science Fiction Stories: 1949	author	edited by Everett F. Bleiler and T. E. Dikty
The Best Science Fiction Stories: 1950	author	edited by Everett F. Bleiler and T. E. Dikty
Impossible Dreams	author	Tim Pratt
Noughts & Crosses	author	Malorie Blackman
Tk'tk'tk	author	David D. Levine
Kin	author	Bruce McAllister
The Best Science Fiction Stories: 1951	author	edited by Everett F. Bleiler and T. E. Dikty
The Best Science Fiction Stories: 1952	author	edited by Everett F. Bleiler and T. E. Dikty
The Best Science Fiction Stories: 1953	author	edited by Everett F. Bleiler and T. E. Dikty
The Best Science Fiction Stories: 1954	author	edited by E. F. Bleiler and T. E. Dikty
The Best Science Fiction Stories and Novels: Ninth Series	author	edited by T. E. Dikty
The Best Science Fiction Stories and Novels: 1956	author	edited by T. E. Dikty
The Best Science Fiction Stories and Novels: 1955	author	edited by T. E. Dikty
Year's Best Science Fiction Novels: 1953	author	edited by E. F. Bleiler and T. E. Dikty
Year's Best Science Fiction Novels: 1952	author	edited by E. F. Bleiler and T. E. Dikty
Year's Best Science Fiction Novels: 1954	author	edited by E. F. Bleiler and T. E. Dikty
Faster than a Kiss	author	Meca Tanaka
Psionics Handbook	author	Bruce R. Cordell
Overflow	author	Pieter Buning, Dennis Jespersen, others
Imagination Unlimited	author	edited by Everett F. Bleiler and T. E. Dikty
Nintendojo	author	Peer Schneider
Our Choice	author	Al Gore
Every Boy's Book of Outer Space Stories	author	edited by T. E. Dikty
Great Science Fiction Stories About Mars	author	edited by T. E. Dikty
Great Science Fiction Stories About the Moon	author	edited by T. E. Dikty
The Theory of Evolution	author	John Maynard Smith
Beguilement	author	Lois McMaster Bujold
Legacy	author	Lois McMaster Bujold
Eight Episodes	author	Robert Reed
Old MacDonald Had a Farm	author	Mike Resnick
Coronado's Children	author	J. Frank Dobie
The Spirit Ring	author	Lois McMaster Bujold
The Knight and Death	author	Leonardo Sciascia
The Group	author	Mary McCarthy
Cat Among the Pigeons	author	Julia Golding
One Hundred and Two H-Bombs	author	Thomas M. Disch
Bomberman B-Daman Bakugaiden V	author	Koichi Mikata
The Last Voyage of Columbus	author	Martin Dugard
Under Compulsion	author	Thomas M. Disch
The Murder House Trilogy	author	Franklin W. Dixon
Hard Call	author	John McCain
Hard Call	author	Mark Salter
The Barber	author	Flannery O'Connor
Wildcat	author	Flannery O'Connor
The Crop	author	Flannery O'Connor
First Love Sisters	author	Mako Komao
First Love Sisters	author	Reine Hibiki
First Love Sisters	author	Mizuo Shinonome
The Turkey	author	Flannery O'Connor
The Train	author	Flannery O'Connor
The Peeler	author	Flannery O'Connor
The Complete Stories	author	Flannery O'Connor
RotoWire	author	Peter Schoenke, Herb Ilk, Jeff Erickson
Deadline	author	Cleve Cartmill
Good Morning, Midnight	author	Jean Rhys
The Healer's Keep	author	Victoria Hanley
Merlin's Wood	author	Robert Holdstock
David Suzuki: The Autobiography	author	David Suzuki
The Cat Who Knew a Cardinal	author	Lilian Jackson Braun
The Cat Who Tailed a Thief	author	Lilian Jackson Braun
Iono-sama Fanatics	author	Miyabi Fujieda
The Matter of Araby in Medieval England	author	Dorothee Metlitzki
A Nursery Tale	author	Vladimir Nabokov
Macs	author	Terry Bisson
People of the Fire	author	W. Michael Gear
People of the Fire	author	Kathleen O'Neal Gear
People of the Earth	author	W. Michael Gear
People of the Earth	author	Kathleen O'Neal Gear
People of the River	author	W. Michael Gear
People of the River	author	Kathleen O'Neal Gear
Wiseguy	author	Nicholas Pileggi
White Fang Goes Dingo	author	Thomas M. Disch
Getting into Death	author	Thomas M. Disch
Getting into Death and Other Stories	author	Thomas M. Disch
Xenesis	author	Beat Glogger
The Root	author	Henry Louis Gates Jr.
The Root	author	Donald E. Graham
Antiquities of Mexico	author	Lord Kingsborough
The Eagle Has Flown	author	Jack Higgins
How to Talk to Girls at Parties	author	Neil Gaiman
Medalon	author	Jennifer Fallon
East and West	author	Christopher Patten
Queen of Camelot	author	Nancy McKenzie
The Chemistry of Death	author	Simon Beckett
Written in Bone	author	Simon Beckett
The Sweethearts; or, The Top and the Ball	author	Hans Christian Andersen
Watashitachi no Tamura-kun	author	Yuyuko Takemiya
Giacomo Joyce	author	James Joyce
The House Beyond Your Sky	author	Benjamin Rosenbaum
The Sharper Your Knife, the Less You Cry	author	Kathleen Flinn
Biology Today: An Issues Approach	author	Edwin H. Colbert, Michael Morales, Eli C. Minkoff, Pamela J. Baker
Journey into the Whirlwind	author	Eugenia Ginzburg
Oxford Encyclopedia of Maritime History	author	John B. Hattendorf, editor in chief
The Clockwork Atom Bomb	author	Dominic Green
Evolutionary Biology	author	Eli C. Minkoff
Agent 13: The Invisible Empire	author	Flint Dille
Agent 13: The Invisible Empire	author	David Marconi
Bright Day	author	J. B. Priestley
Bon-Bon	author	Edgar Allan Poe
Tom Clancy's EndWar	author	David Michaels
Imaginotions; Truthless Tales	author	Tudor Jenks
Native Speaker	author	Chang-Rae Lee
Honey x Honey Drops	author	Kanan Minami
Hachiko Waits	author	Lesléa Newman
The Far Side Gallery 4	author	Gary Larson
The Complete Far Side	author	Gary Larson
Life as We Knew It	author	Susan Beth Pfeffer
Walkin' Butterfly	author	Chihiro Tamaki
All the World's Mornings	author	Pascal Quignard
Collins Bird Guide	author	Lars Svensson and Peter J. Grant
Time and the Gods	author	Lord Dunsany
Voiceful	author	Nawoko
Gun Princess	author	Madoka Takadono
Levels of Knowing and Existence	author	Harry L. Weinberg
The Revolution: A Manifesto	author	Ron Paul
Nightmares for Sale	author	Kaoru Ohashi
Nephilim	author	Anna Hanamaki
Hate to Love You	author	Makoto Tateno
I Shall Never Return	author	Kazuna Uchida
Seduce Me After the Show	author	Est em
Heaven Has No Favorites	author	Erich Maria Remarque
Trust Me	author	Rajashree
People of the Book	author	Geraldine Brooks
Monkey Hunting	author	Cristina García
Shell Shaker	author	LeAnne Howe
How I Met My Husband	author	Alice Munro
Falling Onto Mars	author	Geoffrey A. Landis
The Green Knight	author	Iris Murdoch
Kappa no Kaikata	author	Yūgo Ishikawa
The Romantics	author	Pankaj Mishra
They're Made Out of Meat	author	Terry Bisson
I, the Supreme	author	Augusto Roa Bastos
The Elf Mound	author	Hans Christian Andersen
The Tower of the Elephant	author	Robert E. Howard
Zeroville	author	Steve Erickson
Dear	author	Cocoa Fujiwara
Rogues in the House	author	Robert E. Howard
The Devil in Iron	author	Robert E. Howard
Queen of the Black Coast	author	Robert E. Howard
The Kingdom and the Power	author	Gay Talese
Jewels of Gwahlur	author	Robert E. Howard
Agent 13: The Serpentine Assassin	author	Flint Dille
Agent 13: The Serpentine Assassin	author	David Marconi
Warrior	author	Jennifer Fallon
Sovereign	author	C. J. Sansom
Black Colossus	author	Robert E. Howard
The Pool of the Black One	author	Robert E. Howard
The Conan Chronicles, 1	author	Robert E. Howard
The Complete Chronicles of Conan	author	Robert E. Howard
The Cat Who Talked to Ghosts	author	Lilian Jackson Braun
Forlorn River	author	Zane Grey
Nevada	author	Zane Grey
The Conan Chronicles	author	Robert Jordan
A Live Coal in the Sea	author	Madeleine L'Engle
2007 World Youth Report	author	Sergei Zelenev
2007 World Youth Report	author	Johan Schölvinck
The Conan Chronicles II	author	Robert Jordan
The Further Chronicles of Conan	author	Robert Jordan
The Essential Conan	author	Robert E. Howard
Henry James, This One's for You	author	Jack McDevitt
Dreams of Trespass: Tales of a Harem Girlhood	author	Fatima Mernissi
Mnemosyne	author	Hiroshi Ōnogi
Counter-Revolutionary Violence: Bloodbaths in Fact & Propaganda	author	Edward S. Herman
Counter-Revolutionary Violence: Bloodbaths in Fact & Propaganda	author	Noam Chomsky
La Semaine Sainte	author	Louis Aragon
Midnight Secretary	author	Ohmi Tomu
GNUSim8085	author	Sridhar Ratnakumar
Ashes to Ashes	author	Tami Hoag
The Case Against the Fed	author	Murray N. Rothbard
Little Dracula	author	Martin Waddell
Dear John	author	Nicholas Sparks
2 Girls	author	Perihan Mağden
Phoebe, Junior	author	Margaret Oliphant
Nog	author	Rudolph Wurlitzer
The Mystery of the Black Jungle	author	Emilio Salgari
The Dog Said Bow-Wow	author	Michael Swanwick
Winged Creatures	author	Roy Freirich
Maralinga: Australia's Nuclear Waste Cover-up	author	Alan Parkinson
Songs to Make You Smile	author	Natsuki Takaya
Thorn Ogres of Hagwood	author	Robin Jarvis
Noise: The Political Economy of Music	author	Jacques Attali
Wizard's Hall	author	Jane Yolen
The Marxists	author	C. Wright Mills
In the Pound, Near Breaktime	author	Kent Brewster
California Dreaming	author	Zoey Dean
The Running Man	author	Bill Pronzini
Ghosts of India	author	Mark Morris
Shining Darkness	author	Mark Michalowski
The Doctor Trap	author	Simon Messingham
Eichmann Interrogated	author	Jochen von Lang
Adam	author	Ted Dekker
Banewreaker	author	Jacqueline Carey
Xft	author	Keith Packard
Kabu no Isaki	author	Hitoshi Ashinano
Reflex	author	Steven Gould
Harper's Bible Dictionary	author	Paul J. Achtemier
Eyes of the Emperor	author	Graham Salisbury
Something Upstairs	author	Edward Irving Wortis
Violette's Daring Adventure	author	Geneviève Huriet
The Barbed Coil	author	J.V. Jones
Skin Cancer: Recognition and Management	author	Robert A. Schwartz MD
Rhialto the Marvellous	author	Jack Vance
Fame and Obscurity	author	Gay Talese
The Bridge: The Building of the Verrazano–Narrows Bridge	author	Gay Talese
Honor Thy Father	author	Gay Talese
Unto the Sons	author	Gay Talese
A Writer's Life	author	Gay Talese
Shadow and Claw	author	Gene Wolfe
The Field of Vision	author	Wright Morris
La Maravilla	author	Alfredo Véa Jr.
The Chronicles of Amber	author	Roger Zelazny
Son of the White Wolf	author	Robert E. Howard
The Lost Valley of Iskander	author	Robert E. Howard
The Daughter of Erlik Khan	author	Robert E. Howard
Hawk of the Hills	author	Robert E. Howard
Blood of the Gods	author	Robert E. Howard
The Country of the Knife	author	Robert E. Howard
Three-Bladed Doom	author	Robert E. Howard
The Coming of El Borak	author	Robert E. Howard
North of Khyber	author	Robert E. Howard
Gather Together in My Name	author	Maya Angelou
Mr. Monk Goes to Germany	author	Lee Goldberg
Ironman	author	Chris Crutcher
Toward an Architecture	author	Le Corbusier
Yahoo! Live	author	Yahoo!
After This	author	Alice McDermott
The 43 Antarean Dynasties	author	Mike Resnick
Territory	author	Emma Bull
April Twilights	author	Willa Cather
Outside Valentine	author	Liza Ward
Pitcairn's Island	author	Charles Nordhoff and James Norman Hall
Born of the Storm	author	Nikolai Ostrovsky
The Lees of Laughter's End	author	Steven Erikson
The Battlefield Where The Moon Says I Love You	author	Frank Stanford
The Hills of Varna	author	Geoffrey Trease
The Intergalactic Kitchen	author	Frank Rodgers
Hana to Ryū	author	Kazuma Kodaka
Psycho Busters	author	Tadashi Agi
Interia.pl	author	Comarch
Interia.pl	author	RMF FM
Real Drive	author	Production I.G, Masamune Shirow
Real Drive	author	Yoshinobu Akita
L'Opoponax	author	Monique Wittig
Les Guérillères	author	Monique Wittig
Le Corps Lesbien	author	Monique Wittig
The Book of Bunny Suicides	author	Andy Riley
The Danish Girl	author	David Ebershoff
With God on Our Side: One Man's War Against an Evangelical Coup in America's Military	author	Michael L. Weinstein
Dark Star Safari	author	Paul Theroux
Remote Install Mac OS X	author	Apple Inc.
One Month to Live	author	Kerry Shook
One Month to Live	author	Chris Shook
The Last Ringbearer	author	Kirill Eskov
Family Moving Day	author	Geneviève Huriet
Cathedral	author	Raymond Carver
The Lincoln Train	author	Maureen McHugh
The Root Cellar	author	Janet Lunn
Truancy	author	Isamu Fukui
Pretend You Don't See Her	author	Mary Higgins Clark
Cebu	author	Peter Bacho
Truesight	author	David Stahler Jr.
Genesis Alpha	author	Rune Michaels
The Good Dog	author	Edward Irving Wortis
Neon Genesis Evangelion: Campus Apocalypse	author	Ming Ming
Kimi ni Todoke	author	Karuho Shiina
Jack, the Giant Killer	author	Charles de Lint
Nabari no Ou	author	Yuhki Kamatani
A Cabin on the Coast	author	Gene Wolfe
Bad Land: An American Romance	author	Jonathan Raban
The Casuarina Tree	author	W. Somerset Maugham
Vator	author	Bambi Francisco, Cyril Brignone,
Common Arrangement of Work Sections	author	Construction Project Information Committee
Garner's Modern English Usage	author	Bryan A. Garner
Altri Libertini	author	Pier Vittorio Tondelli
Salvador	author	Lucius Shepard
The True Meaning of Smekday	author	Adam Rex
Killing Time	author	Paul Feyerabend
Viriconium	author	M. John Harrison
Virgin Night	author	Yutaka Tanaka
Viriconium	author	M. John Harrison
All Broken Up and Dancing	author	Kelvin Tan
Anathem	author	Neal Stephenson
I Hope They Serve Beer in Hell	author	Tucker Max
Laura Warholic	author	Alexander Theroux
The Underdogs	author	Mariano Azuela
Lily Beach	author	Jennie Fields
Kyle XY: Nowhere to Hide	author	S. G. Wilkins
Faith of My Fathers	author	John McCain with Mark Salter
The Abashiri Family	author	Go Nagai
Things the Grandchildren Should Know	author	Mark Oliver Everett
Hollywood Hex	author	Mikita Brottman
WorldWide Telescope	author	Jonathan Fay
WorldWide Telescope	author	Curtis Wong
The Return	author	K. A. Applegate
John Dies at the End	author	David Wong
Lambing Season	author	Molly Gloss
Vampire Master Dark Crimson	author	Satoshi Urushihara
Pablo's Tree	author	Pat Mora
The Land of Laughs	author	Jonathan Carroll
Truth and Method	author	Hans-Georg Gadamer
Kyle XY: Under the Radar	author	S. G. Wilkins
Russka	author	Edward Rutherfurd
The Forest	author	Edward Rutherfurd
Ireland: Awakening	author	Edward Rutherfurd
The Porcelain Magician	author	Frank Owen
A Walk in the Sun	author	Geoffrey A. Landis
Witness	author	Karen Hesse
The Informant	author	Kurt Eichenwald
Timbuktu	author	Paul Auster
The Absolutely True Diary of a Part-Time Indian	author	Sherman Alexie
The 5th Horseman	author	James Patterson and Maxine Paetro
City of the Sun	author	David Levien
The Thirty-First of February	author	Nelson S. Bond
The Clone Republic	author	Steven L. Kent
Men Against the Stars	author	edited by Martin Greenberg
Between Two Seas	author	Marie-Louise Jensen
Larry and the Meaning of Life	author	Janet Tashjian
Born to Rock	author	Gordon Korman
Plum Lucky	author	Janet Evanovich
The Rain Before It Falls	author	Jonathan Coe
Disc2Phone	author	Madison Media Software Inc.
One for the Road	author	Bjørn Christian Tørrissen
Poison Study	author	Maria V. Snyder
The Queen's Gambit	author	Walter Tevis
The Men Who Stare at Goats	author	Jon Ronson
Hazed	author	Mark Sable
Tomorrow and Tomorrow & The Fairy Chessmen	author	Lewis Padgett
The Beatles: The Fab Four Who Dominated Pop Music for a Decade	author	Robert Burt
Bone Dance	author	Emma Bull
Travelers of Space	author	edited by Martin Greenberg
Demon Box	author	Ken Kesey
Caverns	author	Ken Kesey
A Practical Guide to Racism	author	Sam Means
Seetee Ship	author	Will Stewart
Journey to Infinity	author	edited by Martin Greenberg
'Hello,' Said the Stick	author	Michael Swanwick
The Mixed Men	author	A. E. van Vogt
The Dragons of Babel	author	Michael Swanwick
Robots Have No Tails	author	Lewis Padgett
Judgment Night	author	C. L. Moore
Tomás and the Library Lady	author	Pat Mora
Creatures of the Night	author	Neil Gaiman
The Dead of Jericho	author	Colin Dexter
The Last Sitting	author	Bert Stern
The Last Sitting	author	Annie Gottlieb
How I Paid for College: A Novel of Sex, Theft, Friendship, and Musical Theater	author	Marc Acito
Wizard of the Crow	author	Ngũgĩ wa Thiong'o
Fatelessness	author	Imre Kertész
Five Science Fiction Novels	author	edited by Martin Greenberg
The Whitby Witches	author	Robin Jarvis
A Warlock in Whitby	author	Robin Jarvis
Tom Swift in the Caves of Ice	author	Victor Appleton
Tom Swift Among the Diamond Makers	author	Victor Appleton
Tom Swift and His Wireless Message	author	Victor Appleton
Tom Swift and His Electric Runabout	author	Victor Appleton
Tom Swift and His Submarine Boat	author	Victor Appleton
Tom Swift and His Airship	author	Victor Appleton
Tom Swift and His Motor Boat	author	Victor Appleton
Tom Swift and His Motor Cycle	author	Victor Appleton
Conflict of Interest	author	David Crump
The Cancer Journals	author	Audre Lorde
The Journey of Shuna	author	Hayao Miyazaki
My Mortal Enemy	author	Willa Cather
Epicenter	author	Joel C. Rosenberg
Space Lawyer	author	Nat Schachner
FunOrb	author	Jagex Games Studio
The Good Terrorist	author	Doris Lessing
The Twelve Kingdoms: Sea of Wind	author	Fuyumi Ono
Catching the Big Fish	author	David Lynch
Kings Will Be Tyrants	author	Ward Hawkins
The Wounded Surgeon	author	Adam Kirsch
A Girl, a Man, and a River	author	Ward Hawkins
Congressional Pictorial Directory	author	United States Congress Joint Committee on Printing
Jonah	author	Arthur Boyd
Jonah	author	Peter Porter
Mutant	author	Lewis Padgett
The Refugees	author	Arthur Conan Doyle
Shambleau and Others	author	C. L. Moore
Slade	author	Stephen King
O Strange New World	author	Howard Mumford Jones
The Three Trillion Dollar War	author	Joseph E. Stiglitz
The Three Trillion Dollar War	author	Linda Bilmes
Ways to Live Forever	author	Sally Nicholls
Killing for Culture	author	David Kerekes,David Slater
The Robot and the Man	author	edited by Martin Greenberg
Backtrack	author	Milton Lott
A Russian Beauty and Other Stories	author	Vladimir Nabokov
Pattern for Conquest	author	George O. Smith
Celia en el colegio	author	Elena Fortún
Minions of the Moon	author	William Gray Beyer
A Tract of Time	author	Smith Hempstone
Cosmic Engineers	author	Clifford D. Simak
Borges and I	author	Jorge Luis Borges
Renaissance	author	Raymond F. Jones
Woodstock Nation	author	Abbie Hoffman
The Starmen	author	Leigh Brackett
Meat Is Murder	author	Mikita Brottman
Iceworld	author	Hal Clement
Christopher Unborn	author	Carlos Fuentes
Mel Oliver and Space Rover on Mars	author	Joseph Samachson
Northwest of Earth	author	C. L. Moore
Letters to Ottla	author	Franz Kafka
Pest Control	author	Peter Anghelides
The Forgotten Planet	author	Murray Leinster
Edgar Huntly	author	Charles Brockden Brown
No Picnic on Mount Kenya	author	Felice Benuzzi
So Human an Animal	author	René Dubos
The Great Cat Massacre	author	Robert Darnton
A Matter of Traces	author	Frank Herbert
Gandhi's Truth	author	Erik H. Erikson
Star Bridge	author	Jack Williamson and James E. Gunn
Address: Centauri	author	F. L. Wallace
Operation Destruct	author	Christopher Nicole
Kirinyaga	author	Mike Resnick
Sargasso of Space	author	Andrew North
Runemarks	author	Joanne Harris
This Fortress World	author	James Gunn
Play to the End	author	Robert Goddard
The Very Pulse of the Machine	author	Michael Swanwick
The Most Famous Man in America	author	Debby Applegate
Dogeaters	author	Jessica Hagedorn
All About the Future	author	edited by Martin Greenberg
The Century	author	Alain Badiou
Pink	author	Akira Toriyama
The Year's Best Science Fiction: Twenty-Fifth Annual Collection	author	Edited by Gardner Dozois
Southland	author	Nina Revoyr
Why Survive%3F Being Old in America	author	Robert Neil Butler
Reprieve from Paradise	author	H. Chandler Elliott
Godslayer	author	Jacqueline Carey
Science Fiction Terror Tales	author	edited by Groff Conklin
The Joseph Smith Papers	author	Joseph Smith, Jr.
Highways in Hiding	author	George O. Smith
The Portage to San Cristobal of A.H.	author	George Steiner
World Without End	author	Joe Haldeman
Tsuribaka Nisshi	author	Jūzō Yamasaki
MusicRadar	author	Future plc
Patalliro!	author	Mineo Maya
Plague Ship	author	Andrew North
The Vet's Daughter	author	Barbara Comyns Carr
Cemetery Dance	author	Douglas Preston
Cemetery Dance	author	Lincoln Child
Grander Musashi	author	Takashi Teshirogi
SF: The Year's Greatest Science Fiction and Fantasy	author	edited by Judith Merril
Interplanetary Hunter	author	Arthur K. Barnes
10%5E16 to 1	author	James Patrick Kelly
The Double Hook	author	Sheila Watson
3DSlicer	author	Acknowledgements
Lilith: A Snake in the Grass	author	Jack L. Chalker
SF '57: The Year's Greatest Science Fiction and Fantasy	author	edited by Judith Merril
Stairway to Heaven: Led Zeppelin Uncensored	author	Richard Cole
Colonial Survey	author	Murray Leinster
Two Sought Adventure	author	Fritz Leiber
Sperm Wars	author	Robin Baker
Queen of Demons	author	David Drake
Coming Attractions	author	edited by Martin Greenberg
Starman's Quest	author	Robert Silverberg
The White Gryphon	author	Mercedes Lackey
The White Gryphon	author	Larry Dixon
Path of Unreason	author	George O. Smith
The Seedling Stars	author	James Blish
Monster: The Autobiography of an L.A. Gang Member	author	Sanyika Shakur
Tros of Samothrace	author	Talbot Mundy
Flanimals: The Day of the Bletchling	author	Ricky Gervais
SF '58: The Year's Greatest Science Fiction and Fantasy	author	edited by Judith Merril
SF '59: The Year's Greatest Science Fiction and Fantasy	author	edited by Judith Merril
The Survivors	author	Tom Godwin
Crossing the River	author	Caryl Phillips
The Bird of Time	author	Wallace West
Purple Pirate	author	Talbot Mundy
Grief	author	Andrew Holleran
The Vortex Blaster	author	E. E. Smith
Invaders from the Infinite	author	John W. Campbell, Jr.
Državna Tajna	author	Semir Halilović
Gray Lensman	author	E. E. Smith
The Philosophical Corps	author	Everett B. Cole
Frogs and Scientists	author	Frank Herbert
Hotel World	author	Ali Smith
The General	author	Robert Muchamore
The Ghost Pit	author	Stephen Baxter
Dark Matter	author	Sheree Thomas
Operation Storm City	author	Joshua Mowll
The Watchmen	author	John Altman
Gallium3D	author	Tungsten Graphics
La Vortaro	author	Bernard Vivier
Prince Otto	author	Robert Louis Stevenson
Enciklopedio Kalblanda	author	W:eo:Stefano KALB
The Strange Death of Tory England	author	Geoffrey Wheatcroft
St. Ives	author	Robert Louis Stevenson
The Ebb-Tide	author	Robert Louis Stevenson
The Ebb-Tide	author	Lloyd Osbourne
Something Special	author	Iris Murdoch
Witch Baby	author	Francesca Lia Block
The Gorgon's Gaze	author	Julia Golding
The Priests of Psi	author	Frank Herbert
Yellow Back Radio Broke-Down	author	Ishmael Reed
Tough, Tough Toys for Tough, Tough Boys	author	Will Self
Jenny Villiers	author	J. B. Priestley
Colossus	author	Donald Wandrei
Scherzo with Tyrannosaur	author	Michael Swanwick
The Drawing of the Dark	author	Tim Powers
The Island	author	Victoria Hislop
Leyendas de Guatemala	author	Miguel Ángel Asturias
The Best of Frank Herbert	author	Frank Herbert
The Wizard of Lemuria	author	Lin Carter
I, Otaku: Struggle in Akihabara	author	Jirō Suzuki
The Book of Frank Herbert	author	Frank Herbert
Penguin Musume	author	Tetsuya Takahashi
The Worlds of Frank Herbert	author	Frank Herbert
Normal Accidents	author	Charles Perrow
Doom 3: Worlds on Fire	author	Matthew J. Costello
Galactic Empires	author	Edited by Gardner Dozois
Pursuit of the Screamer	author	Ansen Dibell
Gaba Kawa	author	Rie Takada
De divina proportione	author	Luca Pacioli
Union Street	author	Pat Barker
The Limits of Liberty	author	Maldwyn A. Jones
IOS SDK	author	Apple Inc.
Going, Going, Gone	author	Jack Womack
Isaac Asimov Presents The Great SF Stories 1	author	Edited by Isaac Asimov and Martin H. Greenberg
Ladies' Night	author	Jack Ketchum
Amatsuki	author	Shinobu Takayama
Lupin III	author	Monkey Punch
The People of Sand and Slag	author	Paolo Bacigalupi
Arab and Jew: Wounded Spirits in a Promised Land	author	David K. Shipler
Fin-de-siècle Vienna	author	Carl E. Schorske
The Five Chinese Brothers	author	Claire Huchet Bishop
Storm Thief	author	Chris Wooding
Cerberus: A Wolf in the Fold	author	Jack L. Chalker
Into the Out Of	author	Alan Dean Foster
Cleopatra	author	Jeffrey K. Gardner
Me-teru no Kimochi	author	Hiroya Oku
Confederates in the Attic	author	Tony Horwitz
The Gospel According to Mark	author	Jorge Luis Borges
The Macintosh Way	author	Guy Kawasaki
Miracles of Life	author	J. G. Ballard
Louis Lambert	author	Honoré de Balzac
Giant Robo: The Day the Earth Burned	author	Yasuhiro Imagawa
%22G%22 Is for Gumshoe	author	Sue Grafton
%22H%22 Is for Homicide	author	Sue Grafton
The Kip Brothers	author	Jules Verne
The Sea Serpent	author	Jules Verne
The Will of an Eccentric	author	Jules Verne
The Irresistible Revolution	author	Shane Claiborne
Captain Antifer	author	Jules Verne
Sumire 16 sai!!	author	Takeru Nagayoshi
Mistress Branican	author	Jules Verne
Claudius Bombarnac	author	Jules Verne
Kéraban the Inflexible	author	Jules Verne
Foundling Mick	author	Jules Verne
The Kin of Ata Are Waiting for You	author	Dorothy Bryant
Brown Girl in the Ring	author	Nalo Hopkinson
My Soul to Keep	author	Tananarive Due
A Cage of Eagles	author	James Follet
Skin Folk	author	Nalo Hopkinson
The Flight to France	author	Jules Verne
The Archipelago on Fire	author	Jules Verne
Lincoln at Gettysburg	author	Garry Wills
Dragons of Summer Flame	author	Margaret Weis and Tracy Hickman.
The Borrowers Aloft	author	Mary Norton
Iso suomen kielioppi	author	Auli Hakulinen, Maria Vilkuna, Riitta Korhonen, Vesa Koivisto, Tarja-Riitta Heinonen and Irja Alho
The Monster of Florence: A True Story	author	Douglas Preston
The Monster of Florence: A True Story	author	Mario Spezi
Midnight Robber	author	Nalo Hopkinson
Mojo: Conjure Stories	author	Nalo Hopkinson
So Long Been Dreaming	author	Nalo Hopkinson and Uppinder Mehan, editors
Racconti romani	author	Alberto Moravia
The Cult of Alien Gods	author	Jason Colavito
Eager	author	Helen Fox
The Charlemagne Pursuit	author	Steve Berry
Argonauts of the Western Pacific	author	Bronisław Malinowski
13 Little Blue Envelopes	author	Maureen Johnson
%22B%22 Is for Burglar	author	Sue Grafton
%22C%22 Is for Corpse	author	Sue Grafton
%22D%22 Is for Deadbeat	author	Sue Grafton
Prince of the Blood	author	Raymond E. Feist
%22E%22 Is for Evidence	author	Sue Grafton
%22F%22 Is for Fugitive	author	Sue Grafton
%22I%22 Is for Innocent	author	Sue Grafton
%22J%22 Is for Judgment	author	Sue Grafton
%22K%22 Is for Killer	author	Sue Grafton
%22L%22 Is for Lawless	author	Sue Grafton
%22M%22 Is for Malice	author	Sue Grafton
%22N%22 Is for Noose	author	Sue Grafton
%22O%22 Is for Outlaw	author	Sue Grafton
%22Q%22 Is for Quarry	author	Sue Grafton
%22P%22 Is for Peril	author	Sue Grafton
%22R%22 Is for Ricochet	author	Sue Grafton
The Long Haul	author	Myles Horton
Twilight at the Well of Souls	author	Jack L. Chalker
%22S%22 Is for Silence	author	Sue Grafton
Broken Angels	author	Setsuri Tsuzuki
%22T%22 Is for Trespass	author	Sue Grafton
The Naughtiest Girl in the School	author	Enid Blyton
Blue Light	author	Walter Mosley
Dragonwings	author	Laurence Yep
Whispers from the Cotton Tree Root	author	Nalo Hopkinson, editor
Along the Roaring River	author	Hao Jiang Tian with Lois B. Morris
Along the Roaring River	author	Foreword by Robert Lipsyte
Adrenaline	author	James Robert Baker under the pseudonym James Dillinger
What the Dead Know	author	Laura Lippman
Stable Strategies for Middle Management	author	Eileen Gunn
Dare to Be Scared	author	Robert D. San Souci
Annals of the Former World	author	John McPhee
Paranoid Park	author	Blake Nelson
Spacehounds of IPC	author	E. E. Smith
Don't Call Me Ishmael	author	Michael Gerard Bauer
La Carreta	author	René Marqués
Oliver VII	author	Antal Szerb
Untamed	author	P.C. Cast
Untamed	author	Kristin Cast
The Forbidden Garden	author	John Taine
The Living Blood	author	Tananarive Due
Wild Seed	author	Octavia Butler
The Bedford Handbook	author	Diana Hacker
Of Worlds Beyond	author	edited by Lloyd Arthur Eshbach
The Book of Ptath	author	A. E. van Vogt
Triplanetary	author	E. E. Smith
Holiday	author	Stanley Middleton
The Elected Member	author	Bernice Rubens
Saville	author	David Storey
Sinister Barrier	author	Eric Frank Russell
The Great Depression: America, 1929–1941	author	Robert S. McElvaine
Next: The Future Just Happened	author	Michael Lewis
Dexter by Design	author	Jeff Lindsay
Embracing Defeat	author	John W. Dower
The Hitch-Hiker	author	Roald Dahl
The Meadows of Gold	author	Al-Masudi
Seventh Heaven	author	Patti Smith
Gulag: A History	author	Anne Applebaum
Skylark of Valeron	author	E. E. Smith
The Between	author	Tananarive Due
The Good House	author	Tananarive Due
A Martian Odyssey and Others	author	Stanley G. Weinbaum
Seven Out of Time	author	Arthur Leo Zagat
Bloodchild and Other Stories	author	Octavia E. Butler
The Incredible Planet	author	John W. Campbell, Jr.
Purple Hibiscus	author	Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie
30 Days of Night: Immortal Remains	author	Steve Niles
30 Days of Night: Immortal Remains	author	Jeff Mariotte
30 Days of Night	author	Tim Lebbon
30 Days of Night: Rumors of the Undead	author	Steve Niles
30 Days of Night: Rumors of the Undead	author	Jeff Mariotte
Figgie Hobbin	author	Charles Causley
Ghost Wars	author	Steve Coll
Imperial Reckoning	author	Caroline Elkins
The Coming of the King	author	Nikolai Tolstoy
Babel	author	Patti Smith
No Way to Treat a Lady	author	William Goldman
Kingdom Come	author	J. G. Ballard
Charon: A Dragon at the Gate	author	Jack L. Chalker
Ancient Engines	author	Michael Swanwick
A Useless Death	author	Patti Smith
John Halifax, Gentleman	author	Dinah Craik
Red Sky in the Morning	author	Elizabeth Laird
Lush Life	author	Richard Price
Scenes of Clerical Life	author	George Eliot
When You Are Engulfed in Flames	author	David Sedaris
Kodak	author	Patti Smith
Early Morning Dream	author	Patti Smith
The Ravenous	author	T. M. Gray
Witt	author	Patti Smith
Worth the Fighting For	author	John McCain with Mark Salter
TCPDF	author	
Ha! Ha! Houdini!	author	Patti Smith
Apex Hides the Hurt	author	Colson Whitehead
First Lensman	author	E. E. Smith
Escape from Earth	author	Edited by Jack Dann & Gardner Dozois
Masters of Time	author	A. E. van Vogt
Jake's Tower	author	Elizabeth Laird
The Garbage King	author	Elizabeth Laird
The Bridge of Light	author	A. Hyatt Verrill
The Cometeers	author	Jack Williamson
Travel Scholarships	author	Jules Verne
The Purchase of the North Pole	author	Jules Verne
Galactic Patrol	author	E. E. Smith
Subspace Explorers	author	E. E. Smith
Getter Robo Hien: The Earth Suicide	author	Naoto Tsushima
Waking the Moon	author	Elizabeth Hand
The Moon Is Hell!	author	John W. Campbell, Jr.
Weird Tales 1	author	Lin Carter
Weird Tales 2	author	Lin Carter
Weird Tales 4	author	Lin Carter
Weird Tales 3	author	Lin Carter
Dreadful Sanctuary	author	Eric Frank Russell
The Lottery Ticket	author	Jules Verne
Beyond Infinity	author	Robert Spencer Carr
Seeds of Life	author	John Taine
Bloody Monday	author	Ryumon Ryo
Monochrome Factor	author	Kaili Sorano
The Interpersonal World of the Infant	author	Daniel Stern
Fat Chance	author	Margaret Clark
The Crystal Horde	author	John Taine
I Am Here!	author	Ema Tōyama
The Red Peri	author	Stanley G. Weinbaum
The Berkut	author	Joseph Heywood
Woolgathering	author	Patti Smith
The Legion of Time	author	Jack Williamson
Little Brother	author	Cory Doctorow
Early Work	author	Patti Smith
The Coral Sea	author	Patti Smith
Auguries of Innocence	author	Patti Smith
Busou Shinki	author	Konami
Deluge	author	S. Fowler Wright
The Promised Land	author	Władysław Reymont
Energy Victory	author	Robert Zubrin
The Titan	author	P. Schuyler Miller
Patti Smith Complete	author	Patti Smith
Strange Messenger	author	Patti Smith
Second Stage Lensmen	author	E. E. Smith
A Woman's Liberation	author	Connie Willis and Sheila Williams, editors
Hundred-Dollar Baby	author	Robert B. Parker
The Cage	author	Ruth Minsky Sender
My Country My Life	author	Lal Krishna Advani
Cross Over	author	Kōji Seo
A New Earth	author	Eckhart Tolle
King Leary	author	Paul Quarrington
A Matter of Profit	author	Hilari Bell
The Black Star Passes	author	John W. Campbell, Jr.
Man of Many Minds	author	E. Everett Evans
The Normal Christian Life	author	Watchman Nee
Deep Space	author	Eric Frank Russell
Toad Data Modeler	author	Quest Software
Tripmaster Monkey	author	Maxine Hong Kingston
Three Thousand Years	author	Thomas Calvert McClary
Children of the Lens	author	E. E. Smith
Operation: Outer Space	author	Murray Leinster
G.O.G. 666	author	John Taine
The Macdermots of Ballycloran	author	Anthony Trollope
Tyrant of Time	author	Lloyd Arthur Eshbach
Lost+Brain	author	Akira Ootani
Under the Triple Suns	author	Stanton A. Coblentz
Alien Minds	author	E. Everett Evans
Islands of Space	author	John W. Campbell, Jr.
The Jewbird	author	Bernard Malamud
The King's Buccaneer	author	Raymond E. Feist
The History of Civilization	author	E. E. Smith
Rainbow Road	author	Alex Sánchez
Rainbow High	author	Alex Sánchez
Rainbow Boys	author	Alex Sánchez
Song of the Sparrow	author	Lisa Ann Sandell
Devta	author	Mohiuddin Nawab
Dragons of a Fallen Sun	author	Margaret Weis and Tracy Hickman.
Dragons of a Vanished Moon	author	Margaret Weis and Tracy Hickman
The Medici Seal	author	Theresa Breslin
Ticket to Ride	author	Larry Kane
The Heads of Cerberus	author	Francis Stevens
On the Edge of the Dark Sea of Darkness	author	Andrew Peterson
The Abyss of Wonders	author	Perley Poore Sheehan
Airhead	author	Meg Cabot
Godfrey Morgan	author	Jules Verne
Tales of Princess Mimia	author	Yutaka Tanaka
Hero in the Shadows	author	David Gemmell
Birds, Beasts, and Relatives	author	Gerald Durrell
An Asian Minor	author	Felice Picano
Joseph and His Friend: A Story of Pennsylvania	author	Bayard Taylor
Conversation in the Cathedral	author	Mario Vargas Llosa
Otogi no Machi no Rena	author	Mitsuru Hattori
I'll Sleep When I'm Dead: The Dirty Life and Times of Warren Zevon	author	Crystal Zevon
A Thousand Country Roads	author	Robert James Waller
A Little Piece of Ground	author	Elizabeth Laird
Megumi	author	Souichi Moto
Megumi	author	Sakie Yokota
Megumi	author	Shigeru Yokota
Anime from Akira to Princess Mononoke	author	Susan J. Napier
Dead Heat	author	Joel C. Rosenberg
Running Before the Wind	author	Linda Woolverton
Star Wind	author	Linda Woolverton
Make Your Own Damn Movie!	author	Lloyd Kaufman
Make Your Own Damn Movie!	author	Adam Jahnke
Make Your Own Damn Movie!	author	Trent Haaga
Surviving Antarctica: Reality TV 2083	author	Andrea White
Conan the Defender	author	Robert Jordan
Skulduggery Pleasant: Playing with Fire	author	Derek Landy
Renewable Electricity and the Grid	author	Godfrey Boyle
Apocalypse	author	Tim Bowler
Sweet William	author	Richmal Crompton
The Merchant and the Alchemist's Gate	author	Ted Chiang
Tideline	author	Elizabeth Bear
Firestar's Quest	author	Erin Hunter
Abu-san	author	Shinji Mizushima
Od ani holeh	author	Yaky Yosha
Acts of Literature	author	Jacques Derrida
Heliopolis	author	Ernst Jünger
Reservation Blues	author	Sherman Alexie
The Black Death	author	Basil Copper
The Good Husband of Zebra Drive	author	Alexander McCall Smith
Magical Melons	author	Carol Ryrie Brink
The House of the Toad	author	Richard L. Tierney
Sweet William	author	Beryl Bainbridge
The Miracle at Speedy Motors	author	Alexander McCall Smith
Finisterra	author	David Moles
100 Greatest African Americans	author	Molefi Kete Asante
81diver	author	Yokusaru Shibata
Godspy	author	Angelo Matera
Inspector French and the Starvel Tragedy	author	Freeman Wills Crofts
The Exploits of Solar Pons	author	Basil Copper
History of the Loss of Vietnam	author	Phan Bội Châu
The Early Fears	author	Robert Bloch
Kishin Corps	author	Masaki Yamada
The Songs of a Sentimental Bloke	author	C. J. Dennis
Shadow Forest	author	Matt Haig
Ottoline and the Yellow Cat	author	Chris Riddell
Catcall	author	Linda Newbery
When a Monster is Born	author	Sean Taylor
Ivan the Terrible	author	Anne Fine
Penguin	author	Polly Dunbar
Little Mouse's Big Book of Fears	author	Emily Gravitt
Dexter Bexley and the Big Blue Beastie	author	Joel Stewart
The Waterworks	author	E. L. Doctorow
Going Loco	author	Lynne Truss
Shanghai Baby	author	Wei Hui
Shadows over Innsmouth	author	edited by Stephen Jones
Stoneheart	author	Charlie Fletcher
Change of Heart	author	Jodi Picoult
The Accidental	author	Ali Smith
A Dog's Tale	author	Mark Twain
Death Stalks the Night	author	Hugh B. Cave
Daughter of the Forest	author	Juliet Marillier
The Animal Family	author	Randall Jarrell
Saving Faith	author	David Baldacci
The Kampung Boy	author	Lat
Counterknowledge	author	Damian Thompson
Mobile Suit Gundam: Blue Destiny	author	Mizuho Takayama
Doctor Ox	author	Jules Verne
Made in Heaven	author	Ami Sakurai
Made in Heaven	author	Yukari Yashiki
Six Degrees: Our Future on a Hotter Planet	author	Mark Lynas
The Adventure of the Singular Sandwich	author	Basil Copper
Son of the Shadows	author	Juliet Marillier
Chicago	author	Yumi Tamura
Child of the Prophecy	author	Juliet Marillier
The Recollections of Solar Pons	author	Basil Copper
Hyakko	author	Haruaki Katō
Loitering with Intent	author	Muriel Spark
A Philip Roth Reader	author	Philip Roth
The Economy of God	author	Witness Lee
Citizen Power	author	Mike Gravel
Übel Blatt	author	Etorouji Shiono
I Hate You More than Anyone	author	Banri Hidaka
Prador Moon	author	Neal Asher
Demon Sacred	author	Natsumi Itsuki
Two Flowers for the Dragon	author	Nari Kusakawa
Love & Sleep	author	John Crowley
The World's Number One, Flat-Out, All-Time Great Stock Car Racing Book	author	Jerry Bledsoe
Lady Victorian	author	Naoko Moto
Marooned on Eden	author	Robert L. Forward
Change 123	author	Iku Sakaguchi
Marrying Buddha	author	Wei Hui
Getting Bi	author	Robyn Ochs and Sarah E. Rowley
Three Tales	author	Howard Wandrei
Time Burial	author	Howard Wandrei
Berlin: The Downfall 1945	author	Antony Beevor
Finding the Fox	author	Ali Sparkes
Initiation Into Hermetics	author	Franz Bardon
Before…12:01…and After	author	Richard A. Lupoff
Fish: A Memoir of a Boy in a Man's Prison	author	T. J. Parsell
The Last Pin	author	Howard Wandrei
Flight of the Nighthawks	author	Raymond E. Feist
Wrath of a Mad God	author	Raymond E. Feist
Elder Evils	author	Robert J. Schwalb
Kali's Child	author	Jeffrey J. Kripal
Angus, Thongs and Full-Frontal Snogging	author	Louise Rennison
Saith the Lord	author	Howard Wandrei
Don't Dream	author	Donald Wandrei
The Saturdays	author	Elizabeth Enright
The Door Below	author	Hugh B. Cave
The Vampire Stories of R. Chetwynd-Hayes	author	R. Chetwynd-Hayes
The Enchantress of Florence	author	Salman Rushdie
A Year in Provence	author	Peter Mayle
Exorcisms and Ecstasies	author	Karl Edward Wagner
Sputnik Caledonia	author	Andrew Crumey
Rewrite	author	Romeo Tanaka
Rewrite	author	Yūto Tonokawa
Rewrite	author	Ryukishi07
Sri Sri Ramakrishna Kathamrita	author	Mahendranath Gupta
The Sand Dwellers	author	Adam Niswander
A Coven of Vampires	author	Brian Lumley
A Prisoner of Birth	author	Jeffrey Archer
Cocker's Arithmetick	author	Edward Cocker
Whispers in the Night	author	Basil Copper
Great Sky River	author	Gregory Benford
A Contract with the Earth	author	Newt Gingrich and Terry L. Maple
Dread Mountain	author	Jennifer Rowe
Letters of Jonathan Oldstyle, Gent.	author	Washington Irving
Beautiful Stories from Shakespeare	author	Edith Nesbit
The Sister of the South	author	Jennifer Rowe
Isle of the Dead	author	Jennifer Rowe
Dragon's Nest	author	Jennifer Rowe
The Isle of Illusion	author	Jennifer Rowe
Grand Theft Jesus	author	Robert S. McElvaine
The Castaways of the Flag	author	Jules Verne
Armageddon in Retrospect	author	Kurt Vonnegut
The Bluejacket's Manual	author	Thomas J. Cutler
Dark Detectives	author	edited by Stephen Jones
Kingsblood Royal	author	Sinclair Lewis
America's Health Care Crisis Solved	author	J. Patrick Rooney
America's Health Care Crisis Solved	author	Daniel B. Perrin
Sharaku	author	Go Nagai
Sharaku	author	Dynamic Productions
Merlin Effect	author	T. A. Barron
Bottled in Blonde	author	Hugh B. Cave
Klingsor's Last Summer	author	Hermann Hesse
Frost	author	Donald Wandrei
The Logic of Life	author	Tim Harford
Hildon	author	Nokia
Who's Afraid of Wolf 359%3F	author	Ken MacLeod
Mortimer Gray's History of Death	author	Brian Stableford
The Nonexistent Knight	author	Italo Calvino
Death of a Gossip	author	M. C. Beaton
Three Mysteries	author	Donald Wandrei
Acolytes of Cthulhu	author	edited by Robert M. Price
The Eerie Mr. Murphy	author	Howard Wandrei
The Oxford Companion to Wine	author	Jancis Robinson
Tom Swift and His Sky Racer	author	Victor Appleton
The CIA and the Cult of Intelligence	author	Victor Marchetti
The CIA and the Cult of Intelligence	author	John D. Marks
Tom Swift and His Electric Rifle	author	Victor Appleton
Weird Shadows Over Innsmouth	author	edited by Stephen Jones
Ally	author	Karen Traviss
Tom Swift in the City of Gold	author	Victor Appleton
Judge	author	Karen Traviss
Obedience to Authority: An Experimental View	author	Stanley Milgram
The Deadly Streets	author	Harlan Ellison
Tom Swift and His Air Glider	author	Victor Appleton
A Foreign Policy of Freedom	author	Ron Paul
Get Out of My Sky	author	James Blish
The Getting of Wisdom	author	Henry Handel Richardson
To the Islands	author	Randolph Stow
The Big Fellow	author	Vance Palmer
The Irishman	author	Elizabeth O'Conner
The Well Dressed Explorer	author	Thea Astley
What Is Intelligence%3F	author	Jim Flynn
The Secret Dreamworld of a Shopaholic	author	Sophie Kinsella
Tom Swift in Captivity	author	Victor Appleton
Procession of the Dead	author	Darren Shan
The Melting of Maggie Bean	author	Tricia Rayburn
The Cupboard Under the Stairs	author	George Turner
Careful, He Might Hear You	author	Sumner Locke Elliott
Tom Swift and His Wizard Camera	author	Victor Appleton
Snapfish Lab	author	HP Labs
The Slow Natives	author	Thea Astley
Hopi Dictionary: Hopìikwa Lavàytutuveni	author	Hopi Dictionary Project
Baike.com	author	Dr. Pan Haidong
Owls to Athens	author	Harry Turtledove
Extraterrestrial Civilizations	author	Isaac Asimov
Aavarana	author	S L Bhyrappa
Worse Things Waiting	author	Manly Wade Wellman
Frostbite	author	Richelle Mead
Tim the Tiny Horse	author	Harry Hill
Banaag at Sikat	author	Lope K. Santos
Switchers	author	Kate Thompson
Far Lands, Other Days	author	E. Hoffmann Price
TIM Defender of the Earth	author	Sam Enthoven
Murgunstrumm and Others	author	Hugh B. Cave
Trap	author	Peter Mathers
Bring Larks and Heroes	author	Thomas Keneally
The Girls of Slender Means	author	Muriel Spark
Buckskin Brigades	author	L. Ron Hubbard
Lobo the King of Currumpaw	author	Ernest Thompson Seton
Rough Justice	author	Jack Higgins
Glamour Girl	author	Kerry Katona
Glamour Girl	author	Fanny Blake
The Janissary Tree	author	Jason Goodwin
An Episode of Sparrows	author	Rumer Godden
Blart III: The Boy Who Set Sail on a Questionable Quest	author	Dominic Barker
Lonely Vigils	author	Manly Wade Wellman
Last Bus to Woodstock	author	Colin Dexter
School Zone	author	Kanako Inuki
Revelation	author	C. J. Sansom
Three Cheers for the Paraclete	author	Thomas Keneally
The Eudaemonic Pie	author	Thomas Bass
The Waltz Invention	author	Vladimir Nabokov
Tom Swift and His Great Searchlight	author	Victor Appleton
Skinny	author	Ibi Kaslik
The Quantity Theory of Insanity	author	Will Self
Liane the Wayfarer	author	Jack Vance
Bata, Bata… Pa'no Ka Ginawa%3F	author	Lualhati Torres Bautista
Celia en el mundo	author	Elena Fortún
Tom Swift and His Giant Cannon	author	Victor Appleton
Tom Swift and His Photo Telephone	author	Victor Appleton
Shame the Devil	author	George Pelecanos
Boy Wonder	author	James Robert Baker
Grey Area	author	Will Self
Ordinary Heroes	author	Scott Turow
The Burden of Proof	author	Scott Turow
Clean Straw for Nothing	author	George Johnston
War and Decision	author	Douglas Feith
Slam	author	Nick Hornby
The Sweet Smell of Psychosis	author	Will Self
One L	author	Scott Turow
Pleading Guilty	author	Scott Turow
The Laws of Our Fathers	author	Scott Turow
Reversible Errors	author	Scott Turow
Harenchi Gakuen	author	Go Nagai
Harenchi Gakuen	author	Teruto Aruga
Personal Injuries	author	Scott Turow
Limitations	author	Scott Turow
Ultimate Punishment	author	Scott Turow
A Posse of Princesses	author	Sherwood Smith
Tales of a Traveller	author	Washington Irving
Ermita	author	F. Sionil José
Visions of Sugar Plums	author	Janet Evanovich
Here Comes Everybody	author	Clay Shirky
Crisis in the Built Environment	author	Jamel Akbar
The Last Lecture	author	Jeffrey Zaslow
Last of the Duanes	author	Zane Grey
Super Crunchers	author	Ian Ayres
No Second Chance	author	Harlan Coben
The Harpole Report	author	J.L. Carr
Amon: The Darkside of The Devilman	author	Go Nagai
The Republic of Wine	author	Mo Yan
Hello Sailor	author	Eric Idle
Parenting, Inc.	author	Pamela Paul
Till A’the Seas	author	H. P. Lovecraft
Till A’the Seas	author	R. H. Barlow
Grapple	author	Michael Simms
Grapple	author	of Linux Game Publishing
A Blueprint for Survival	author	Edward Goldsmith and Robert Allen
Mulata de tal	author	Miguel Ángel Asturias
Rhode Island on Lovecraft	author	edited by Donald M. Grant and Thomas G. Hadley
The Time Stream	author	John Taine
Drops of God	author	Tadashi Agi
Drops of God	author	Tadashi Agi
Tell No One	author	Harlan Coben
The End	author	Jorge Luis Borges
L'isola di Arturo	author	Elsa Morante
The Mightiest Machine	author	John W. Campbell, Jr.
Final Blackout	author	L. Ron Hubbard
Smuggler's Moon	author	Bruce Cook
The Description of Britain	author	Pseudo-Richard of Cirencester
The Loch	author	Steve Alten
Blassreiter	author	Noboru Kimura
The Journal & The 114th, 1861 to 1865	author	John L. Satterlee
When Nothing Else Matters	author	Michael Leahy
Okojo-san	author	Ayumi Uno
My Brother, My Executioner	author	F. Sionil José
The World Is Full of Married Men	author	Jackie Collins
Murder House	author	Franklin W. Dixon
The Stud	author	Jackie Collins
A Peculiar People	author	Rodney Clapp
Greasy Lake & Other Stories	author	T. Coraghessan Boyle
Tales of Zorro	author	Richard Dean Starr
A Growling Place	author	Thomas Aquinas Maguire
The Gospel of Sri Ramakrishna	author	Mahendranath Gupta
Sister of My Heart	author	Chitra Banerjee Divakaruni
Julian: A Christmas Story	author	Robert Charles Wilson
Which Moped with Chrome-plated Handlebars at the Back of the Yard%3F	author	Georges Perec
Sunday Simmons & Charlie Brick	author	Jackie Collins
The Tower of Druaga	author	Makoto2
Blood Shot	author	Sara Paretsky
Stonehenge	author	Bernard Cornwell
The Great Man	author	Kate Christensen
Midnight's Choice	author	Kate Thompson
The Mislaid Charm	author	Alexander M. Phillips
Identical	author	Ellen Hopkins
Venus Equilateral	author	George O. Smith
Inequality by Design	author	Claude S. Fischer, Michael Hout, Martín Sánchez Jankowski, Samuel R. Lucas, Ann Swidler, Kim Vos
Strange Life of Ivan Osokin	author	P. D. Ouspensky
Gilgamesh	author	Joan London
The World Is Full of Divorced Women	author	Jackie Collins
The Good Parents	author	Joan London
Stiff	author	Shane Maloney
Wild Blood	author	Kate Thompson
Beaches	author	Iris Rainer Dart
The Age of Revolution: Europe 1789–1848	author	Eric Hobsbawm
Joe Pitt Casebooks	author	Charlie Huston
The Ethical Assassin	author	David Liss
Piano no Mori	author	Makoto Isshiki
Faces in the Moon	author	Betty Louise Bell
Pig Heart Boy	author	Malorie Blackman
Daniel's Story	author	Carol Matas
The Unexpected Guest	author	Agatha Christie
Spider's Web	author	Agatha Christie
Hard Lessons	author	Michael Leahy
The World God Only Knows	author	Tamiki Wakaki
The World God Only Knows	author	Mamizu Arisawa
The Battle of Pollocks Crossing	author	J.L. Carr
Kurozakuro	author	Yoshinori Natsume
A Day in Summer	author	J. L. Carr
Cognos ReportNet	author	Cognos, an IBM Company
Which Witch%3F	author	Eva Ibbotson
The Spare Room	author	Helen Garner
Women En Large	author	Laurie Toby Edison
Three Hundred Years Hence	author	Mary Griffith
After Babel	author	George Steiner
The Finishing School	author	Muriel Spark
Remember Me	author	Mary Higgins Clark
Salmagundi	author	Washington Irving
The Suffrage of Elvira	author	V. S. Naipaul
WeRead	author	Krishna Motukuri
WeRead	author	Co-founder/CEO and\nHarish Abbott
WeRead	author	Co-founder/President
Intron Depot 1	author	Masamune Shirow
Without Sorcery	author	Theodore Sturgeon
Indian Killer	author	Sherman Alexie
Dive!!	author	Eto Mori
Dive!!	author	Masahiro Ikeno
On	author	Adam Roberts
A Season in Sinji	author	J.L. Carr
Lady!!	author	Youko Hanabusa
The Torch	author	Jack Bechdolt
War on Iraq: What Team Bush Doesn't Want You to Know	author	William Rivers Pitt
War on Iraq: What Team Bush Doesn't Want You to Know	author	Scott Ritter
The Oblivion Society	author	Marcus Alexander Hart
The Innocent Mage	author	Karen Miller
Empress of Mijak	author	Karen Miller
The Homunculus	author	David H. Keller, M.D.
Lords of Creation	author	Eando Binder
Exiles of Time	author	Nelson S. Bond
Grand Theft Childhood	author	Lawrence Kutner
Grand Theft Childhood	author	Cheryl K. Olson
The Eternal Conflict	author	David H. Keller, M.D.
Mauprat	author	George Sand
Po-on	author	F. Sionil José
The Riven Kingdom	author	Karen Miller
The Fairy-tale Detectives	author	Michael Buckley
Yagami-kun no Katei no Jijō	author	Kei Kusunoki
The Angel's Game	author	Carlos Ruiz Zafón
Nomad	author	George O. Smith
The Lady Decides	author	David H. Keller, M.D.
The Unusual Suspects	author	Michael Buckley
Cultural depictions of Matthew Shepard	author	Judy Shepard
The Problem Child	author	Michael Buckley
The Blind Spot	author	Austin Hall and Homer Eon Flint
American Beauty	author	Zoey Dean
Where Are You Now%3F	author	Mary Higgins Clark
Signs of Life	author	M. John Harrison
Livemocha	author	Shirish Nadkarni, Co-Founder; Krishnan Seshadrinathan, Co-Founder; Michael Schutzler, Current CEO
I'm a Born Liar	author	Federico Fellini, Damian Pettigrew with preface by Tullio Kezich.
Akikan!	author	Riku Ranjō
Out of Gas: The End of the Age of Oil	author	David Goodstein
What Hetty Did	author	J.L. Carr
Harpole & Foxberrow General Publishers	author	J.L. Carr
How Steeple Sinderby Wanderers Won the F.A. Cup	author	J.L. Carr
Naisho no Tsubomi	author	Yū Yabūchi
Catholic World News	author	Philip F. Lawler
The Red Queen: Sex and the Evolution of Human Nature	author	Matt Ridley
Blazer Drive	author	Seishi Kishimoto
Prayers for Rain	author	Dennis Lehane
Giant Bomb	author	Jeff Gerstmann
Giant Bomb	author	Ryan Davis
Leviathan	author	Paul Auster
Days of Infamy series	author	Harry Turtledove
Requiem for a Spanish Peasant	author	Ramón J. Sender
Pushing the Bear	author	Diane Glancy
A Horse of Air	author	Dal Stivens
The Nemesis of Faith	author	James Anthony Froude
An Experiment in Treason	author	Bruce Cook
The Assassini	author	Thomas Gifford
Rebuilding Coventry	author	Sue Townsend
Belladonna	author	Anne Bishop
On Gold Mountain	author	Lisa See
The Checklist of Fantastic Literature	author	edited by Everett F. Bleiler
Who Goes There%3F	author	John W. Campbell, Jr.
Arabian Jazz	author	Diana Abu-Jaber
Slaves of Sleep	author	L. Ron Hubbard
Floating Dragon	author	Peter Straub
The World Below	author	S. Fowler Wright
The Unknown Industrial Prisoner	author	David Ireland
Sidewise in Time	author	Murray Leinster
Kinsmen of the Dragon	author	Stanley Mullen
ABC Online	author	Australian Broadcasting Corporation
Hyde & Closer	author	Haro Aso
Private Angelo	author	Eric Linklater
Miramar	author	Naguib Mahfouz
Space on My Hands	author	Fredric Brown
Cloak of Aesir	author	John W. Campbell, Jr.
The Continuing Revolution	author	Joseph Agassi
Crooked Zebra	author	Bob Weltlich
Maniattemasu	author	Ai Morinaga
StoryMill	author	Todd Ransom
Brethren	author	Robyn Young
Tokyo Tribe	author	Santa Inoue
Space Platform	author	Murray Leinster
Murder in Millennium VI	author	Curme Gray
Warrior's Return	author	Erin Hunter
Conversational Capital	author	Bertrand Cesvet
Conversational Capital	author	Tony Babinski
Conversational Capital	author	Eric Alper
Space Tug	author	Murray Leinster
Where Have All the Leaders Gone%3F	author	Lee Iacocca
Where Have All the Leaders Gone%3F	author	Catherine Whitney
Science Fiction Carnival	author	edited by Fredric Brown and Mack Reynolds
Fox Tales	author	Ruth Manning-Sanders
Roxy's Baby	author	Catherine MacPhail
Empire of the Atom	author	A. E. van Vogt
The Fall of Colossus	author	Dennis Feltham Jones
Flower Net	author	Lisa See
Goddess of Yesterday	author	Caroline B. Cooney
Where's Wally%3F The Fantastic Journey	author	Martin Handford
Where's Wally Now%3F	author	Martin Handford
Black Notice	author	Patricia Cornwell
Song of the Saurials	author	Kate Novak and Jeff Grubb
Now I Lay Me	author	Ernest Hemingway
In Another Country	author	Ernest Hemingway
The General of the Dead Army	author	Ismail Kadare
The Siege	author	Ismail Kadare
Chronicle in Stone	author	Ismail Kadare
Sharpe's Ransom	author	Bernard Cornwell
Dream Brother: The Lives and Music of Jeff and Tim Buckley	author	David Browne
My Bonny Light Horseman	author	Louis A. Meyer
Lock and Key	author	Sarah Dessen
 The White Sybil	author	David H. Keller and Clark Ashton Smith
Mars Mountain	author	Eugene George Key
The Creator	author	Clifford D. Simak
The Efficient Society	author	Joseph Heath
Yamamoto Zenjirou to Moushimasu	author	Yōko Maki
Anekdote zur Senkung der Arbeitsmoral	author	Heinrich Böll
The Great American Baseball Card Flipping, Trading and Bubble Gum Book	author	Brendan C. Boyd & Fred C. Harris
Spunk Library	author	Ian Heavens, Chuck Munson
A Many-Splendoured Thing	author	Han Suyin
Behind the Evidence	author	by Peter Reynolds
The Garden of Fear and Other Stories	author	edited by William L. Crawford
Phoronix Test Suite	author	Phoronix
Line War	author	Neal Asher
Initiate's Trial	author	Janny Wurts
The Silent World: A Story of Undersea Discovery and Adventure	author	Jacques-Yves Cousteau with Frédéric Dumas
Centurion	author	Simon Scarrow
Fearless Fourteen	author	Janet Evanovich
The Interior	author	Lisa See
Daddy	author	Danielle Steel
A Single Man	author	Christopher Isherwood
The Eastern Origins of Western Civilisation	author	John M. Hobson
The Night People	author	Francis Flagg
Out of the Unknown	author	A. E. van Vogt and E. Mayne Hull
Against All Things Ending	author	Stephen R. Donaldson
The Last Dark	author	Stephen R. Donaldson
Conan the Formidable	author	Steve Perry
The Fermata	author	Nicholson Baker
Lucy Sullivan Is Getting Married	author	Marian Keyes
Brasyl	author	Ian McDonald
Elite da Tropa	author	André Batista
Elite da Tropa	author	Rodrigo Pimentel
Elite da Tropa	author	Luiz Eduardo Soares
Encyclopedia of Korean Culture	author	Academy of Korean Studies: 3,800 named contributors; editorial staff
Wicked Lovely	author	Melissa Marr
Keeping the Moon	author	Sarah Dessen
A Fraction of the Whole	author	Steve Toltz
The Sunken World	author	Stanton A. Coblentz
Short Trips: Transmissions	author	Richard Salter
Death's Deputy	author	L. Ron Hubbard
The Underdog	author	Markus Zusak
A Faithful Narrative of the Surprising Work of God in the Conversion of Many Hundred Souls in Northampton	author	Jonathan Edwards
The Radio Man	author	Ralph Milne Farley
Details of a Sunset and Other Stories	author	Vladimir Nabokov
The Otterbury Incident	author	Cecil Day-Lewis
The Works of M. P. Shiel	author	by A. Reynolds Morse
Dragon Bones	author	Lisa See
The Cosmic Geoids and One Other	author	John Taine
The Kingslayer	author	L. Ron Hubbard
War of the Rats	author	David L. Robbins
Planets of Adventure	author	Basil Wells
An Expert in Murder	author	Nicola Upson
Wild Meat and the Bully Burgers	author	Lois-Ann Yamanaka
My Beautiful Mommy	author	Michael Salzhauer
Murder Madness	author	Murray Leinster
Decline of the English Murder	author	George Orwell
The Radium Pool	author	Ed Earl Repp
Pigeons from Hell	author	Robert E. Howard, adapted by Joe R. Lansdale
Loss and Gain	author	John Henry Newman
The Return of Chorb	author	Vladimir Nabokov
Triton	author	L. Ron Hubbard
Worlds of Wonder	author	Olaf Stapledon
A Tale of the Ragged Mountains	author	Edgar Allan Poe
The Stellar Missiles	author	Ed Earl Repp
Imperial Bedrooms	author	Bret Easton Ellis
Wolf Island	author	Darren Shan
La Boîte à merveilles	author	Ahmed SEFRIOUI
GNOME Do	author	David Siegel
Gilda Joyce: Psychic Investigator	author	Jennifer Allison
Her Majesty's Dog	author	Mick Takeuchi
Encyclopedia of Serbian Historiography	author	Sima Ćirković, Rade Mihaljčić
The Widows of Eastwick	author	John Updike
Azincourt	author	Bernard Cornwell
The Rat Race	author	Jay Franklin
Institutes of the Lawes of England	author	Edward Coke
After 12,000 Years	author	Stanton A. Coblentz
Leven Thumps and the Wrath of Ezra	author	Obert Skye
The Omnibus of Time	author	Ralph Milne Farley
Tom Swift and His Aerial Warship	author	Victor Appleton
The Mountain Meadows Massacre	author	Juanita Brooks
Blood of the Prophets	author	Will Bagley
Norge.no	author	Norwegian Ministry of Government Administration and Reform
The Dark Chamber	author	Leonard Cline
The Dark Other	author	Stanley G. Weinbaum
The Hidden Universe	author	Ralph Milne Farley
The Toymaker	author	Raymond F. Jones
Doorways to Space	author	Basil Wells
On Food and Cooking	author	Harold McGee
The Iron Star	author	John Taine
Kyūkyoku!! Hentai Kamen	author	Keishū Ando
Kyūkyoku!! Hentai Kamen	author	Jin Kobayashi
The Silver Cloud Café	author	Alfredo Véa Jr.
Lecture Demonstration	author	Hal Clement
Drums, Girls, and Dangerous Pie	author	Jordan Sonnenblick
The Atom Clock	author	Cornel Lengyel
Ecology: From Individuals to Ecosystems	author	Michael Begon, Colin R. Townsend, John L. Harper
Run Before the Wind	author	Stuart Woods
Deep Lie	author	Stuart Woods
Drome	author	John Martin Leahy
Grass Roots	author	Stuart Woods
Chiefs	author	Stuart Woods
Green Fire	author	John Taine
Steampunk	author	Ann VanderMeer
Steampunk	author	Jeff VanderMeer
The Planet of Youth	author	Stanton A. Coblentz
Deliver Us from Evil: Defeating Terrorism, Despotism, and Liberalism	author	Sean Hannity
The Beautiful Room Is Empty	author	Edmund White
Christ in Concrete	author	Pietro di Donato
Max Brand: The Man and His Work	author	by Darrell C. Richardson
Science-Fantasy Quintette	author	L. Ron Hubbard and Ed Earl Repp
From Death to the Stars	author	L. Ron Hubbard
Fantasy Twin	author	L. Sprague de Camp and Stanley G. Weinbaum
Report of the Royal Commission on Genetic Modification	author	Royal Commission on Genetic Modification, Chairperson: Thomas Eichelbaum
The River	author	Flannery O'Connor
A Stroke of Good Fortune	author	Flannery O'Connor
The Life You Save May Be Your Own	author	Flannery O'Connor
The Farewell Symphony	author	Edmund White
A.D.: New Orleans After the Deluge	author	Josh Neufeld
Quadratic	author	Olaf Stapledon and Murray Leinster
Strange Worlds	author	Ralph Milne Farley
Blood Red, Snow White	author	Marcus Sedgwick
Flowers for Algernon	author	Daniel Keyes
Always	author	Karen Joy Fowler
The High King's Tomb	author	Kristen Britain
An Inconvenient Truth	author	Al Gore
Fields of Fire	author	Jim Webb
Atlas of the British Flora	author	Franklyn Perring and S. Max Walters
The Run	author	Stuart Woods
Capital Crimes	author	Stuart Woods
Dirt	author	Stuart Woods
And the Rain My Drink	author	Han Suyin
Science and Sorcery	author	edited by Garret Ford
Stardrift and Other Fantastic Flotsam	author	Emil Petaja
The Island of the Colorblind	author	Oliver Sacks
Island of Exiles	author	I. J. Parker
Snow Flower and the Secret Fan	author	Lisa See
Atlantean Chronicles	author	Henry M. Eichner
Unwed Mother	author	Gloria D. Miklowitz
Garan the Eternal	author	Andre Norton
Reflections in Bullough's Pond	author	Diana Muir
Griffin Science-Fantasy Booklet Number One	author	edited by William L. Crawford
Noite	author	Érico Veríssimo
People of the Comet	author	Austin Hall
The Machine God Laughs	author	edited by William L. Crawford
The Moon Maiden	author	Garrett P. Serviss
The Middle Moffat	author	Eleanor Estes
Rufus M.	author	Eleanor Estes
A New Leaf	author	F. Scott Fitzgerald
The Acolyte	author	Thea Astley
All Marketers Are Liars	author	Seth Godin
The Ash Garden	author	Dennis Bock
Against Civilization	author	John Zerzan
Gli indifferenti	author	Alberto Moravia
Odd and the Frost Giants	author	Neil Gaiman
The Public Image	author	Muriel Spark
Blood, Tears and Folly	author	Len Deighton
The Post-American World	author	Fareed Zakaria
Indignation	author	Philip Roth
The Blood Knight	author	Gregory Keyes
The Born Queen	author	Gregory Keyes
Telegarden	author	Ken Goldberg and Joseph Santarromana
Answer to History	author	Mohammad Reza Pahlavi
The Diamond of Darkhold	author	Jeanne DuPrau
It's Not Easy Being a Bunny	author	Marilyn Sadler
La Rabouilleuse	author	Honoré de Balzac
Too Loud a Solitude	author	Bohumil Hrabal
The Port of Peril	author	Otis Adelbert Kline
The Fiftieth Gate	author	Mark Raphael Baker
Dwellers in the Mirage	author	A. Merritt
A Tale Etched in Blood and Hard Black Pencil	author	Christopher Brookmyre
The Theory of Island Biogeography	author	Robert MacArthur and Edward O. Wilson
Doubt	author	Yoshiki Tonogai
Book Girl	author	Mizuki Nomura
Book Girl	author	Mizuki Nomura
Shredder 1.0	author	Mark Napier
The Mango Tree	author	Ronald McKie
Chances	author	Jackie Collins
333: A Bibliography of the Science-Fantasy Novel	author	Joseph H. Crawford, Jr., James J. Donahue and Donald M. Grant
The Return of Tharn	author	Howard Browne
The Werewolf of Ponkert	author	H. Warner Munn
The Shack	author	William P Young
A Golden Anniversary Bibliography of Edgar Rice Burroughs	author	Henry Hardy Heins
A Gent from Bear Creek	author	Robert E. Howard
The Sorrows of an American	author	Siri Hustvedt
The Pride of Bear Creek	author	Robert E. Howard
Mrs. Mike	author	Benedict and Nancy Freedman
Popper and After	author	David Stove
Blasting and Bombardiering	author	Wyndham Lewis
The Goddess of Ganymede	author	Michael Resnick
Red Shadows	author	Robert E. Howard
The Religion	author	Nicholas Conde
Nicolae High	author	Jerry B. Jenkins and Tim LaHaye
Singers in the Shadows	author	Robert E. Howard
Red Blades of Black Cathay	author	Robert E. Howard and Tevis Clyde Smith
Tanar of Pellucidar	author	Edgar Rice Burroughs
Brokedown Palace	author	Steven Brust
Lady Boss	author	Jackie Collins
Vendetta: Lucky's Revenge	author	Jackie Collins
Dangerous Kiss	author	Jackie Collins
Drop Dead Beautiful	author	Jackie Collins
Miniconomy	author	Wouter Leenards
Gentleman's Agreement	author	Laura Z. Hobson
The Gate House	author	Nelson DeMille
Virgil Finlay	author	compiled and edited by Donald M. Grant
Marchers of Valhalla	author	Robert E. Howard
Echoes from an Iron Harp	author	Robert E. Howard
The Sowers of the Thunder	author	Robert E. Howard
Tom Swift and His Big Tunnel	author	Victor Appleton
Alfred Hitchcock and the Making of Psycho	author	Stephen Rebello
Yotsunoha	author	Haikuo Soft
Mark of the Lion	author	Francine Rivers
The Lone Star Ranger	author	Zane Grey
The Hundred Secret Senses	author	Amy Tan
Sound the Retreat	author	Simon Raven
Friends in Low Places	author	Simon Raven
Sasquatch	author	Roland Smith
The Temple of the Ten	author	H. Bedford-Jones and W. C. Robertson
Tigers of the Sea	author	Robert E. Howard
Worms of the Earth	author	Robert E. Howard
Éramos Seis	author	Maria José Dupré
The Making of a Counter Culture	author	Theodore Roszak
Renewable Energy Sources and Climate Change Mitigation	author	Ottmar Edenhofer
Renewable Energy Sources and Climate Change Mitigation	author	Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change
Miriam	author	Truman Capote
The Marvelous Palace And Other Stories	author	Pierre Boulle
Almuric	author	Robert E. Howard
Oreo	author	Fran Ross
The Wyrmling Horde	author	David Farland
Virgil Finlay: An Astrology Sketchbook	author	Virgil Finlay
House of Many Ways	author	Diana Wynne Jones
Out of the Storm	author	William Hope Hodgson
Revolution	author	Russell Brand
The Bowl of Baal	author	Robert Ames Bennet
The Banner of Joan	author	H. Warner Munn
The Writing on the Hearth	author	Cynthia Harnett
What's Your Poo Telling You%3F	author	Josh Richman and Anish Sheth, MD
The Iron Man & Other Tales of the Ring	author	Robert E. Howard
The Ancient	author	R. A. Salvatore
The Last Celt	author	Glenn Lord
Black Vulmea's Vengeance	author	Robert E. Howard
Upon the Winds of Yesterday and Other Explorations	author	George Barr
Things a Computer Scientist Rarely Talks About	author	Donald E. Knuth
Lords of the Bow	author	Conn Iggulden
The Chronicles of Lucius Leffing	author	Joseph Payne Brennan
Worldbinder	author	David Farland
Swine Not%3F	author	Jimmy Buffett
Let Freedom Ring: Winning the War of Liberty over Liberalism	author	Sean Hannity
Peony in Love	author	Lisa See
Daz 4 Zoe	author	Robert Swindells
School Days	author	Robert B. Parker
Adeline's Dream	author	Linda Aksomitis
Swoogle	author	Li Ding
Swoogle	author	Tim Finin
Swoogle	author	Anupam Joshi
Swoogle	author	Rong Pan
Swoogle	author	R. Scott Cost
Swoogle	author	Yun Peng
Swoogle	author	Pavan Reddivari
Swoogle	author	Vishal Doshi
Swoogle	author	Joel Sachs
The Morning Gift	author	Eva Ibbotson
Tal: His Marvelous Adventures with Noom-Zor-Noom	author	Paul Fenimore Cooper
If You're Reading This, It's Too Late	author	Pseudonymous Bosch
Dating Hamlet	author	Lisa Fiedler
The Dream of X	author	William Hope Hodgson
The Martian General's Daughter	author	Theodore Judson
Cowboys for Christ	author	Robin Hardy
Love That Dog	author	Sharon Creech
All Quiet on the Orient Express	author	Magnus Mills
Equality	author	Edward Bellamy
Black God's Shadow	author	C. L. Moore
The Three Palladins	author	Harold Lamb
Return to Mars	author	Ben Bova
Firebird	author	Mercedes Lackey
Funeral Rites	author	Jean Genet
Emperor of Dreams: A Clark Ashton Smith Bibliography	author	Donald Sidney-Fryer
Once in a Blue Moon	author	Magnus Mills
Zenity	author	Sun Microsystems
Of Missing Persons	author	Jack Finney
The Magic Pen of Joseph Clement Coll	author	Walt Reed
The New Anti-Catholicism	author	Philip Jenkins
Downtown Owl	author	Chuck Klosterman
Genius Squad	author	Catherine Jinks
Pagan Babies	author	Elmore Leonard
Alicia Austin's Age of Dreams	author	Alicia Austin
Monster Hunter Orage	author	Hiro Mashima
Cause Celeb	author	Helen Fielding
Bazaar of the Bizarre	author	Fritz Leiber
The Case for Animal Rights	author	Tom Regan
The Revenge of Dracula	author	Peter Tremayne
Act of Providence	author	Joseph Payne Brennan and Donald M. Grant
The Road of Azrael	author	Robert E. Howard
Big Red Tequila	author	Rick Riordan
The Black Wolf	author	Galad Elflandsson
Water Witch	author	Connie Willis and Cynthia Felice
Etty Hillesum and the Flow of Presence	author	index.php?id=93&type=content
On the Oceans of Eternity	author	S. M. Stirling
Against the Tide of Years	author	S. M. Stirling
The Luxe	author	Anna Godbersen
The Other Place	author	Monica Hughes
Ghoul	author	Brian Keene
Mouse Noses on Toast	author	Daren King
That Rabbit Belongs to Emily Brown	author	Cressida Cowell
The Magic Faraway Tree	author	Enid Blyton
Hugo Pepper	author	Paul Stewart
Corby Flood	author	Paul Stewart
Fergus Crane	author	Paul Stewart
The Pig Who Saved the World	author	Paul Shipton
The Emperor of Absurdia	author	Chris Riddell
The Adventures of the Dish and the Spoon	author	Mini Grey
Wibbly Pig's Silly Big Bear	author	Mick Inkpen
I, Coriander	author	Sally Gardner
The Dancing Tiger	author	Malachy Doyle
The Whispering Road	author	Livi Michael
Spilled Water	author	Sally Grindley
Biscuit Bear	author	Mini Grey
Cloud Busting	author	Malorie Blackman
My Big Brother, Boris	author	Liz Pichon
Bartholomew and the Bug	author	Neal Layton
The Fire-Eaters	author	David Almond
The Witch's Children and the Queen	author	Ursula Jones
On Pointe	author	Lorie Ann Grover
The Last Castaways	author	Harry Horse
Tadpole's Promise	author	Jeanne Willis
The Various	author	Steve Augarde
The Countess's Calamity	author	Sally Gardner
Two Frogs	author	Christopher Wormell
The Partners	author	James B. Stewart
Mayhem on Bear Creek	author	Robert E. Howard
Lovecraft's Providence and Adjacent Parts	author	Henry L. P. Beckwith, Jr.
Tom Swift in the Land of Wonders	author	Victor Appleton
Golden God	author	Jeanne DuPrau
The Earth House	author	Jeanne DuPrau
The Other Side of the Sky: A Memoir	author	Farah Ahmedi
Tempted	author	Unknown ghost writer for Cecily von Ziegesar
Ombria in Shadow	author	Patricia A. McKillip
Infamous	author	Cecily von Ziegesar
Raising Taxes	author	Terry Pratchett
Hawks of Outremer	author	Robert E. Howard
The Precipice	author	Ben Bova
Fields of Sleep	author	E. C. Vivian
Writings and Drawings	author	Bob Dylan
Last Contact	author	Stephen Baxter
Urn Burial	author	Robert Westall
The Lotus Caves	author	Samuel Youd
That Pesky Rat	author	Lauren Child
Jazzy in the Jungle	author	Lucy Cousins
Pirate Diary	author	Richard Platt
Pizza Kittens	author	Charlotte Voake
History of the Movement From 1854 to 1890	author	Sam Moskowitz
Stop the Train	author	Geraldine McCaughrean
The Last Wolf	author	Michael Morpurgo
Oscar and Arabella	author	Neal Layton
Into the Sun & Other Stories	author	Robert Duncan Milne
Honey Hunt	author	Miki Aihara
Ubuntu Hacks	author	Kyle Rankin
Ubuntu Hacks	author	Jonathan Oxer
Ubuntu Hacks	author	Bill Childers
A Vision of Doom	author	Ambrose Bierce
Learning Python	author	Mark Lutz
Learning Python	author	David Ascher
Sundome	author	Kazuto Okada
Songs of the Humpback Whale	author	Jodi Picoult
Operación Masacre	author	Rodolfo Walsh
The Prosecution of George W. Bush for Murder	author	Vincent Bugliosi
Potshot	author	Robert B. Parker
Lord of the Dead	author	Robert E. Howard
The Dead	author	Michael Swanwick
Durandal	author	Harold Lamb
Leonardo da Vinci, A Memory of His Childhood	author	Sigmund Freud
Creep to Death	author	Joseph Payne Brennan
The Loving Spirit	author	Daphne du Maurier
The Somnambulist	author	Jonathan Barnes
Scarlet Dream	author	C. L. Moore
Twenty-Six	author	Leo McKay, Jr.
TypingWeb	author	FTW Innovations
Tarzan and the Valley of Gold	author	Fritz Leiber
Beyond the Hoax	author	Alan Sokal
The Persistence of Vision	author	John Varley
H. P. Lovecraft: Against the World, Against Life	author	Michel Houellebecq
Real Spaces	author	David Summers
One Man and His Bog	author	Barry Pilton
The Kill-Off	author	Jim Thompson
The 8th Confession	author	James Patterson and Maxine Paetro
Run for Your Life	author	James Patterson
Run for Your Life	author	Michael Ledwidge
The Alice B. Toklas Cookbook	author	Alice B. Toklas
Hallucinating Foucault	author	Patricia Duncker
Born Digital	author	John Palfrey and Urs Gasser
Sora o Tobu, Mittsu no Hōhō.	author	La'cryma
Guinevere: The Legend in Autumn	author	Persia Woolley
Queen of the Summer Stars	author	Persia Woolley
Child of the Northern Spring	author	Persia Woolley
The Wonderful Lips of Thibong Linh	author	Theodore Roscoe
As It Is Written	author	De Lysle Ferree Cass
Selected Poems of Henry Ames Blood	author	Henry Ames Blood
Fair Stood the Wind for France	author	H. E. Bates
God: A Biography	author	Jack Miles
A More Perfect Union: Advancing New American Rights	author	Jesse Jackson, Jr., with Frank E. Watkins
Kirara	author	Toshiki Yui
Heat	author	Mike Lupica
The Living Reed	author	Pearl S. Buck
Adobe Flash Builder	author	Macromedia
Terminal Freeze	author	Lincoln Child
A Ghost in the Machine	author	Caroline Graham
Celia, lo que dice	author	Elena Fortún
The Coffin Quilt	author	Ann Rinaldi
Pygmy	author	Chuck Palahniuk
Jupiter	author	Ben Bova
The Elfin Ship	author	James Blaylock
Nerve	author	Dick Francis
The 3 Mistakes of My Life	author	Chetan Bhagat
The Persistence of Memory	author	Tony Eprile
My Sister Jodie	author	Jacqueline Wilson
On the Way Home	author	Laura Ingalls Wilder
The Last Save of Moacyr Barbosa	author	Darwin Pastorin
Jiken series	author	Kouhei Kadono
West from Home	author	Laura Ingalls Wilder
A Stillness at Appomattox	author	Bruce Catton
The Secret Order of the Gumm Street Girls	author	Elise Primavera
Escape to Last Man Peak	author	Jean D'Costa
The Year's Best Science Fiction: Fifteenth Annual Collection	author	Edited by Gardner Dozois
The Autograph Man	author	Zadie Smith
Understood Betsy	author	Dorothy Canfield Fisher
Secrets	author	Jacqueline Wilson
Genius Wars	author	Catherine Jinks
Spaceship Medic	author	Harry Harrison
The Glass Bees	author	Ernst Jünger
Nova Swing	author	M. John Harrison
Pandora Hearts	author	Jun Mochizuki
Our Plundered Planet	author	Henry Fairfield Osborn, Jr
Our Synthetic Environment	author	Lewis Herber
Becoming the Villainess	author	Jeannine Hall Gailey
OpenThinClient	author	
First Sorrow	author	Franz Kafka
A Healing House of Prayer	author	Morris Maddocks
Onidere	author	Crystal na Yōsuke
Starclimber	author	Kenneth Oppel
The Thing About Jane Spring	author	Sharon Krum
DeSmogBlog	author	James Hoggan, Ross Gelbspan, Richard Littlemore, Kevin Grandia
Empire of Mind	author	Michael Strangelove
Lions in the Street	author	Paul Hoffman
Writing War	author	Lynne Hanley
Sweet Dreams	author	Daniel C. Dennett
Titanium Mike Saves the Day	author	David D. Levine
The Temple of My Familiar	author	Alice Walker
Hell Screen	author	Ryūnosuke Akutagawa
Under a Velvet Cloak	author	Piers Anthony
Tom Swift and His War Tank	author	Victor Appleton
What Happened	author	Scott McClellan
The Bourne Sanction	author	Robert Ludlum
The Bourne Sanction	author	Eric Van Lustbader
Easy Street	author	Susan Berman
The Dark Fields	author	Alan Glynn
Marco Polo, if You Can	author	William F. Buckley, Jr.
Who's on First	author	William F. Buckley, Jr.
The Story of Henri Tod	author	William F. Buckley, Jr.
See You Later, Alligator	author	William F. Buckley, Jr.
High Jinx	author	William F. Buckley, Jr.
Mongoose R.I.P.	author	William F. Buckley, Jr.
Tucker's Last Stand	author	William F. Buckley, Jr.
Last Call for Blackford Oakes	author	William F. Buckley, Jr.
The Bell	author	Iris Murdoch
The Blackford Oakes Reader	author	William F. Buckley, Jr.
A Republic, Not an Empire	author	Patrick J. Buchanan
The Listeners	author	James Gunn
Stop!! Hibari-kun!	author	Hisashi Eguchi
Dead Cert	author	Dick Francis
Koizora	author	Mika
Koizora	author	Ibuki Haneda
Turn Coat	author	Jim Butcher
Scary Stories	author	Don Roff
Dead Sea	author	Brian Keene
Leonardo's Swans	author	Karen Essex
Stealing Athena	author	Karen Essex
Death of a Hollow Man	author	Caroline Graham
A Place of Safety	author	Caroline Graham
Time's Champion	author	Craig Hinton and Chris McKeon
William's Television Show	author	Richmal Crompton
William and the Masked Ranger	author	Richmal Crompton
Seventeen Against the Dealer	author	Cynthia Voigt
Armed America: Portraits of Gun Owners in Their Homes	author	Kyle Cassidy
Hamlet and the New Poetic	author	William H. Quillian
Blood Noir	author	Laurell K. Hamilton
Spy Story	author	Len Deighton
Hito Natsu no Kids Game	author	Ken Akamatsu
No Man Knows My Pastries	author	Roger B. Salazar and Michael G. Wightman
The Conscience of a Liberal	author	Paul Krugman
Dear Mr. Henshaw	author	Beverly Cleary
Prometheus	author	Franz Kafka
This Can't Be Happening at Macdonald Hall	author	Gordon Korman
I Want to Go Home	author	Gordon Korman
The Focus of Life	author	Austin Osman Spare
William the Pirate	author	Richmal Crompton
Dragon: the Old Potter's Tale	author	Ryūnosuke Akutagawa
Oyayubihime Infinity	author	Toru Fujieda
The Valley	author	Barry Pilton
Lee and Grant at Appomattox	author	MacKinlay Kantor
The 47th Samurai	author	Stephen Hunter
Collected Poems	author	Philip Larkin
Through the Arc of the Rain Forest	author	Karen Tei Yamashita
Crossing the Quality Chasm	author	Committee on Quality of Health Care in America and Institute of Medicine
My Big Fat Supernatural Honeymoon	author	P.N. Elrod
Things: A Story of the Sixties	author	Georges Perec
The Lady with the Dog	author	Anton Chekhov
GNU Emacs	author	Richard Stallman and Guy L. Steele, Jr.
The Beardless Warriors	author	Richard Matheson
Defending Identity	author	Natan Sharansky with Shira Wolosky Weiss
The Shadow Club	author	Neal Shusterman
The Mysterious Benedict Society and the Perilous Journey	author	Trenton Lee Stewart
Transfusion	author	Chad Oliver
Echo Round His Bones	author	Thomas M. Disch
Natsume's Book of Friends	author	Yuki Midorikawa
Busting Vegas	author	Ben Mezrich
The Other Queen	author	Philippa Gregory
Daughter of the Empire	author	Raymond E. Feist
Daughter of the Empire	author	Janny Wurts
Servant of the Empire	author	Raymond E. Feist
Servant of the Empire	author	Janny Wurts
Mistress of the Empire	author	Raymond E. Feist
Mistress of the Empire	author	Janny Wurts
Users' Guides to the Medical Literature	author	Gordon Guyatt, Drummond Rennie
The North Ship	author	Philip Larkin
Waiting for the Galactic Bus	author	Parke Godwin
Stormchaser	author	Paul Stewart
A Picture of Freedom	author	Patricia McKissack
Tom Swift and His Air Scout	author	Victor Appleton
Gomorrah	author	Roberto Saviano
The Book of Lost Things	author	John Connolly
Evil Always Ends	author	Joseph Payne Brennan
The Gypsy Morph	author	Terry Brooks
The Soft Whisper of the Dead	author	Charles L. Grant
Wandering Son	author	Takako Shimura
The General's Wife	author	Peter Straub
My Turn	author	Nancy Reagan with William Novak
A Romance of Two Worlds	author	Marie Corelli
Perceptrons	author	Marvin Minsky
Perceptrons	author	Seymour Papert
Talbot Mundy: Messenger of Destiny	author	compiled by Donald M. Grant
Threshold	author	Sara Douglass
Maigret at the Gai-Moulin	author	Georges Simenon
The Book	author	H. P. Lovecraft
Jaguar	author	Roland Smith
The Snow Empress	author	Laura Joh Rowland
The Nightingale's Song	author	Robert Timberg
The Sea of the Ravens	author	Harold Lamb
RichFaces	author	JBoss
The Wrecking Crew	author	Thomas Frank
Maigret Has Scruples	author	Georges Simenon
The Empress of Mars	author	Kage Baker
Sense of Place	author	George Seddon
The Chronology of Ancient Kingdoms Amended	author	Isaac Newton
To the Stars	author	L. Ron Hubbard
Yellow Men Sleep	author	Jeremy Lane
The Crippled Tree	author	Han Suyin
A Mortal Flower	author	Han Suyin
Birdless Summer	author	Han Suyin
My House Has Two Doors	author	Han Suyin
The American Claimant	author	Mark Twain
The Hundred-Year Christmas	author	David Morrell
In Defense of Food	author	Michael Pollan
The Eyeless	author	Lance Parkin
Beautiful Chaos	author	Gary Russell
The Story of Martha	author	Main writer
The Story of Martha	author	Dan Abnett
The Story of Martha	author	With
The Story of Martha	author	David Roden
The Story of Martha	author	Steve Lockley & Paul Lewis
The Story of Martha	author	Robert Shearman
The Story of Martha	author	Simon Jowett
General Winston's Daughter	author	Sharon Shinn
Risale-i Nur	author	Said Nursi
The Last Adventurer	author	Peter Berresford Ellis
The Myst Reader	author	Rand Miller
The Myst Reader	author	Robyn Miller
The Myst Reader	author	David Wingrove
The Magician: The Secrets of the Immortal Nicholas Flamel	author	Michael Scott
Daughter of Regals	author	Stephen R. Donaldson
The Adventures of Samurai Cat	author	Mark E. Rogers
Foxfire: Confessions of a Girl Gang	author	Joyce Carol Oates
The Far Islands and Other Tales of Fantasy	author	John Buchan
Book of Matches	author	Simon Armitage
The Scourge of God	author	S. M. Stirling
Firstcoastnews.com	author	Gannett Company
Kull	author	Robert E. Howard
The Book of Kane	author	Karl Edward Wagner
A Monster at Christmas	author	Thomas Canty
Starting with Alice	author	Phyllis Reynolds Naylor
Fireball	author	Katsuhiro Otomo
Plum Lovin'	author	Janet Evanovich
Grail Prince	author	Nancy McKenzie
The Nazi and the Barber	author	Edgar Hilsenrath
The Dark Cry of the Moon	author	Charles L. Grant
Virtually Normal	author	Andrew Sullivan
In the Courts of the Crimson Kings	author	S. M. Stirling
The Undying Land	author	William Gilmour
The Borders Just Beyond	author	Joseph Payne Brennan
Academ's Fury	author	Jim Butcher
Cursor's Fury	author	Jim Butcher
Captain's Fury	author	Jim Butcher
The Princes of the Golden Cage	author	Nathalie Mallet
Marianne and Mark	author	Catherine Storr
Shesher Kabita	author	Rabindranath Tagore
Crusader	author	Edward Bloor
Robert Elsmere	author	Mary Augusta Ward
Kushiel's Mercy	author	Jacqueline Carey
One Who Walked Alone	author	Novalyne Price Ellis
The Onion Girl	author	Charles De Lint
In Defense of Anarchism	author	Robert Paul Wolff
Return of the Crimson Guard	author	Ian Cameron Esslemont
Night of Thunder	author	Stephen Hunter
The Second Lady	author	Irving Wallace
Tom Swift and His Undersea Search	author	Victor Appleton
The Curious Quests of Brigadier Ffellowes	author	Sterling E. Lanier
The Long Night of the Grave	author	Charles L. Grant
All Seated on the Ground	author	Connie Willis
Yellow Fog	author	Les Daniels
My Lady of Hy-Brasil and Other Stories	author	Peter Tremayne
OpenCL	author	Apple Inc.
Madame Two Swords	author	Tanith Lee
From Darwin to Hitler	author	Richard Weikart
Swindle	author	Gordon Korman
Prime Evil	author	edited by Douglas E. Winter
The Cat Who Lived High	author	Lilian Jackson Braun
Shadows of Dreams	author	Robert E. Howard
Encyclopedia of American Religions	author	J. Gordon Melton
The Devil in Dover	author	Lauri Lebo
The Horror of Howling Hill	author	Jonathan Green
Second Skin	author	Richard Dungworth
The Dragon King	author	Trevor Baxendale
The Sorceress: The Secrets of the Immortal Nicholas Flamel	author	Michael Scott
Fatal Terrain	author	Dale Brown
XCAT	author	Egan Ford
A Coney Island of the Mind	author	Lawrence Ferlinghetti
Just in Case	author	Meg Rosoff
Post-Scarcity Anarchism	author	Murray Bookchin
Senselessness	author	Horacio Castellanos Moya
The Unfortunates	author	B.S. Johnson
The Frog King	author	Adam Davies
Io9	author	Annalee Newitz
To the Stars: The Autobiography of George Takei	author	George Takei
The Magician Out of Manchuria	author	Charles G. Finney
Du Chakay Duniya	author	Bimal Mukherjee
The Red Necklace	author	Sally Gardner
Focus	author	Arthur Miller
Tipi: Home of the Nomadic Buffalo Hunters	author	Paul Goble
The Essential Shinran	author	Alfred Bloom
We Pierce	author	Andrew Huebner
Tom Swift Among the Fire Fighters	author	Victor Appleton
The Last Fine Time	author	Verlyn Klinkenborg
The Devil Does Exist	author	Mitsuba Takanashi
Tom Swift and His Electric Locomotive	author	Victor Appleton
Will	author	Christopher Rush
De Niro's Game	author	Rawi Hage
Distant Replay	author	Mike Resnick
The Eagle and the Wolves	author	Simon Scarrow
Risky is the New Safe: The Rules Have Changed	author	Randy Gage
Passage	author	Lois McMaster Bujold
When the Sacred Ginmill Closes	author	Lawrence Block
Patterns of Sexual Behavior	author	Clellan S. Ford
Patterns of Sexual Behavior	author	Frank A. Beach
Albert Savarus	author	Honoré de Balzac
The Last of Chéri	author	Colette
Now the Hell Will Start	author	Brendan I. Koerner
Princeps' Fury	author	Jim Butcher
Shadowland	author	Peter Straub
Post Oaks & Sand Roughs	author	Robert E. Howard
Oishinbo	author	Tetsu Kariya
The Rocky Mountain Saints	author	T. B. H. Stenhouse
The Oxford Companion to Irish Literature	author	Robert Anthony Welch
Ledfeather	author	Stephen Graham Jones
The Character of Rain	author	Amélie Nothomb
Irish Tiger	author	Andrew M. Greeley
Child 44	author	Tom Rob Smith
Sinner	author	Lino Rulli
Donnybrook Writing Academy	author	Erin Barnes
Nuclear Dream	author	Sergey Lukyanenko
The Adventures of Lucius Leffing	author	Joseph Payne Brennan
The DAW Science Fiction Reader	author	Donald A. Wollheim
Mrs. God	author	Peter Straub
Bright Shiny Morning	author	James Frey
Back to the Stone Age	author	Edgar Rice Burroughs
Too Fat to Fish	author	Artie Lange
Too Fat to Fish	author	Anthony Bozza
The Ordinary Princess	author	M. M. Kaye
Mga Ibong Mandaragit	author	Amado V. Hernandez
The Face in the Abyss	author	A. Merritt
Sharks and Little Fish	author	Wolfgang Ott
Rome 1960	author	David Maraniss
Sea Change	author	Robert B. Parker
Only A Theory	author	Kenneth R. Miller
Westlife: Our Story	author	Nicky Byrne
Westlife: Our Story	author	Kian Egan
Westlife: Our Story	author	Mark Feehily
Westlife: Our Story	author	Shane Filan
Augustus	author	John Edward Williams
Bloody Kiss	author	Kazuko Furumiya
The Gardeners Dictionary	author	Philip Miller
Khasakkinte Itihasam	author	O.V. Vijayan
The Twelve and the Genii	author	Pauline Clarke
The Last Legends of Earth	author	A. A. Attanasio
Street of Shadows	author	Michael Reaves
Three Critics of the Enlightenment	author	Isaiah Berlin
The Burnt Ones	author	Patrick White
Harris and Me	author	Gary Paulsen
Millennium Falcon	author	James Luceno
The American Experiment	author	Steven M. Gillon and Cathy D. Matson
The Teahouse of the August Moon	author	Vern Sneider
The Haunted Pampero	author	William Hope Hodgson
Kaze no Daichi	author	Nobuhiro Sakata
The Storms of Chai	author	Joe Dever
Dream Stuff	author	David Malouf
OVirt	author	Red Hat
Bad Business	author	Robert B. Parker
Broken Lives	author	Estelle Blackburn
Under the Dome	author	Stephen King
Science & Religion: A Symposium	author	Mihajlo Pupin et al
The Promise of Eden	author	Eric Durchholz
Blue Melody: Tim Buckley Remembered	author	Lee Underwood
Blue Melody: Tim Buckley Remembered	author	John Goldsby
The Indian War of Independence	author	Vinayak Damodar Savarkar
Spacewalk	author	Red Hat
Kissxsis	author	Bow Ditama
Budapest Noir	author	Vilmos Kondor
The Arms Bazaar	author	Anthony Sampson
Tokyo Tribes	author	Santa Inoue
Omensetter's Luck	author	William H. Gass
The Weakness	author	K. A. Applegate
Fallen Moon	author	Toui Hasumi
The Principles of Mathematics	author	Bertrand Russell
Thought Leader	author	Mail & Guardian
Poor Fellow My Country	author	Xavier Herbert
The Glass Canoe	author	David Ireland
Small Is Profitable	author	Amory Lovins
Letters of an Indian Judge to an English Gentlewoman	author	Dorothy Black
Operating Systems: Design and Implementation	author	Andrew S. Tanenbaum
Operating Systems: Design and Implementation	author	Albert S. Woodhull
Modern Operating Systems	author	Andrew S. Tanenbaum, Herbert Bos
Lavinia	author	Ursula K. Le Guin
Cats of the Clans	author	Erin Hunter
Swords and Crowns and Rings	author	Ruth Park
Love and Will	author	Rollo May
Grey Star the Wizard	author	Ian Page
Windfall	author	Desmond Bagley
Five Get into a Fix	author	Enid Blyton
Beauty: A Retelling of the Story of Beauty and the Beast	author	Robin McKinley
Maka-Maka	author	Torajirō Kishi
Makers and Takers	author	Peter Schweizer
Peter the Great's Negro	author	Alexander Pushkin
The Peaceful Pill Handbook	author	Philip Nitschke and Fiona Stewart
The Hangman's Daughter	author	Oliver Pötzsch
Brilliant Orange: The Neurotic Genius of Dutch Football	author	David Winner
Doomsday Plus Twelve	author	James D. Forman
Drakon	author	S. M. Stirling
The System of Dante's Hell	author	Amiri Baraka
In Odd We Trust	author	Dean Koontz
In Odd We Trust	author	Queenie Chan
The Inventors	author	Alexander Gordon Smith & Jamie Webb
Putin's Progress	author	Peter Truscott, Baron Truscott
With Their Backs to the World	author	Åsne Seierstad
Becoming Naomi León	author	Pam Muñoz Ryan
One Hundred And One Days: A Baghdad Journal	author	Åsne Seierstad
Tsukiji Uogashi Sandaime	author	Ken'ichi Ōishi
Tsukiji Uogashi Sandaime	author	Masaharu Nabeshima
Tsukiji Uogashi Sandaime	author	Kazuto Kuwa
Angel of Grozny	author	Åsne Seierstad
Soul Mountain	author	Gao Xingjian
Les Mystères de Marseille	author	Émile Zola
Toybox	author	Robert Landley
La Mécanique du cœur	author	Mathias Malzieu
Climate Code Red	author	David Spratt, Philip Sutton
Telepathy Shōjo Ran Jiken Note	author	Atsuko Asano
The Elements of Moral Philosophy	author	James Rachels
Just My Luck	author	Temari Matsumoto
Feast of Souls	author	C. S. Friedman
Fire in the Mist	author	Holly Lisle
Filmweb	author	Artur Gortych
Thorns	author	Robert Silverberg
UNdata	author	United Nations Statistics Division
Madam, Will You Talk%3F	author	Mary Stewart
Code:Breaker	author	Akimine Kamijyo
Eat, Pray, Love	author	Elizabeth Gilbert
Geography Club	author	Brent Hartinger
A Long Way Gone	author	Ishmael Beah
The Bolshevik Myth	author	Alexander Berkman
Yumemiru Happa	author	Hisaya Nakajo
Something Else	author	Kathryn Cave
Freedom Summer	author	Deborah Wiles
The Time We Have Taken	author	Steven Carroll
The Ballad of Desmond Kale	author	Roger McDonald
Cold Skin	author	Albert Sánchez Piñol
Why Darwin Matters	author	Michael Shermer
John Adams	author	David McCullough
The Diplomat	author	James Aldridge
The Zookeeper's Wife	author	Diane Ackerman
The Steel Wave	author	Jeffrey Shaara
Issues in Science and Religion	author	Ian Barbour
Two to the Fifth	author	Piers Anthony
The Broken Window	author	Jeffery Deaver
The She Spot	author	Lisa Witter and Lisa Chen
Beyond the Gap	author	Harry Turtledove
Naked Conversations	author	Robert Scoble, Shel Israel
The Story of the Last Thought	author	Edgar Hilsenrath
The Dolphins of Laurentum	author	Caroline Lawrence
The Rape of the A*P*E*	author	Allan Sherman
Jumper Cable	author	Piers Anthony
Knot Gneiss	author	Piers Anthony
A Deadly Secret: The Strange Disappearance of Kathie Durst	author	Matt Birkbeck
Heart Songs	author	Annie Proulx
Science Friction: Where the Known Meets the Unknown	author	Michael Shermer
Denying History	author	Michael Shermer, Alex Grobman and Arthur Hertzberg
Immortality	author	Milan Kundera
Dawkins vs. Gould	author	Kim Sterelny
The Outlaws of Sherwood	author	Robin McKinley
Kaboom	author	Matt Gallagher
The Seven Who Were Hanged	author	Leonid Andreyev
The Grandmothers: Four Short Novels	author	Doris Lessing
Singularity	author	Bill DeSmedt
Senses of Cinema	author	Bill Mousoulis
Tree: A Life Story	author	David Suzuki
Tree: A Life Story	author	Wayne Grady
Ah, But Your Land Is Beautiful	author	Alan Paton
Harvesting the Heart	author	Jodi Picoult
Identi.ca	author	Evan Prodromou
GNU social	author	Evan Prodromou
The Annotated Turing	author	Charles Petzold
Blue Willow	author	Doris Gates
Abbé Jules	author	Octave Mirbeau
Rsyslog	author	Rainer Gerhards
Walking Brooklyn	author	Adrienne Onofri
The Wonderful Country	author	Thomas C. Lea, III
Think: A Compelling Introduction to Philosophy	author	Simon Blackburn
Atheism: The Case Against God	author	George H. Smith
Young Gabby Goose	author	Ruth Manning-Sanders
Jaz Parks series	author	Jennifer Rardin
Tickets to the Devil	author	Richard P. Powell
The Other Side	author	Jacqueline Woodson
Genome	author	Sergei Lukyanenko
Chocolate Cosmos	author	Nana Haruta
Escape from Hell	author	Larry Niven
Escape from Hell	author	Jerry Pournelle
Milly-Molly-Mandy Stories	author	Joyce Lankester Brisley
The Nasty Bits	author	Anthony Bourdain
Savage Pellucidar	author	Edgar Rice Burroughs
Land of Terror	author	Edgar Rice Burroughs
The Remorseful Day	author	Colin Dexter
Logan's World	author	William F. Nolan
UrQMD	author	Steffen Bass, Marcus Bleicher, Horst Stöcker et al.
Bones of the Hills	author	Conn Iggulden
Synthetic Men of Mars	author	Edgar Rice Burroughs
Llana of Gathol	author	Edgar Rice Burroughs
The Fatal Conceit	author	Friedrich Hayek
John Carter of Mars	author	Edgar Rice Burroughs
John Carter of Mars	author	John Coleman Burroughs
Seishun Shiterukai!	author	Ryō Azuki
Jumper: Griffin's Story	author	Steven Gould
Bella at Midnight	author	Diane Stanley
The Forbidden City	author	Ian Page
The Cheerleader	author	Ruth Doan MacDougall
Such Is Life	author	Joseph Furphy
The Beggar of Volubilis	author	Caroline Lawrence
Lifeblood	author	Tom Becker
The Garden of Last Days	author	Andre Dubus III
Dreams that Glitter	author	Girls Aloud
The Voyage of the Sable Keech	author	Neal Asher
The War with Mr. Wizzle	author	Gordon Korman
Jesus the Jew	author	Geza Vermes
The Last Patriot	author	Brad Thor
Very Hard Choices	author	Spider Robinson
Pick of the Litter	author	Yuriko Suda
The String of Pearls	author	James Malcolm Rymer
The String of Pearls	author	Thomas Peckett Prest
Brigands M.C.	author	Robert Muchamore
Every Second Counts	author	Lance Armstrong
Every Second Counts	author	Sally Jenkins
The Forever King	author	Molly Cochran and Warren Murphy
Beyond the Nightmare Gate	author	Ian Page
The Mucker	author	Edgar Rice Burroughs
The Blade Itself	author	Marcus Sakey
A Gentleman's Guide to Graceful Living	author	Michael Dahlie
Diary of a Wimpy Kid: Rodrick Rules	author	Jeff Kinney
The White Earth	author	Andrew McGahan
How Do You Spell God%3F	author	Rabbi Marc Gellman and Msgr. Thomas Hartman
Zoe's Tale	author	John Scalzi
Cop in the Hood	author	Peter Moskos
City of Bones	author	Cassandra Clare
Ol' Man Adam an' His Chillun	author	Roark Bradford
American Nerd	author	Benjamin Nugent
Tirra Lirra by the River	author	Jessica Anderson
The Myth of the Machine	author	Lewis Mumford
The Keys to the White House	author	Allan Lichtman
The World Atlas of Wine	author	Hugh Johnson
The World Atlas of Wine	author	Jancis Robinson
The Atlas of Pern	author	Karen Wynn Fonstad
Ganba! Fly High	author	Shinji Morisue
Accident	author	Danielle Steel
Quantum Aspects of Life	author	Derek Abbott
Quantum Aspects of Life	author	Paul C. W. Davies
Quantum Aspects of Life	author	Arun K. Pati
Quantum Aspects of Life	author	With foreword by Sir Roger Penrose
A Woman of the Future	author	David Ireland
The Ancestor Game	author	Alex Miller
The Eagles' Brood	author	Jack Whyte
MW	author	Osamu Tezuka
The End of Oil	author	Paul Roberts
Candy Girl: A Year in the Life of an Unlikely Stripper	author	Diablo Cody
Gollum: How We Made Movie Magic	author	Andy Serkis
Behind the Lines	author	Andrew Carroll
Heaven and Hell: My Life in the Eagles	author	Don Felder with Wendy Holden
Record of Lodoss War	author	Ryo Mizuno
Illegal Citizens	author	Afdhere Jama
The Impersonators	author	Jessica Anderson
Just Relations	author	Rodney Hall
The Doubleman	author	Christopher Koch
Recovering Biblical Manhood and Womanhood	author	John Piper and
Recovering Biblical Manhood and Womanhood	author	Wayne Grudem eds.
Christie's World Encyclopedia of Champagne & Sparkling Wine	author	Tom Stevenson
Follett's Modern American Usage	author	Wilson Follett
Last Child in the Woods	author	Richard Louv
Nixonland	author	Rick Perlstein
Predictably Irrational	author	Dan Ariely
Cold in the Earth	author	Ann Granger
Chibikko Kaiju Yadamon	author	Ushio Souji, Go Nagai
Mad Shadows	author	Marie-Claire Blais
Swords and Deviltry	author	Fritz Leiber
When the Lion Feeds	author	Wilbur Smith
Koihime Musō	author	BaseSon
Jhegaala	author	Steven Brust
The Well	author	Elizabeth Jolley
Yakushiji Ryōko no Kaiki Jikenbo	author	Yoshiki Tanaka
The No Asshole Rule	author	Robert I. Sutton
The Rose Rent	author	Ellis Peters
Extinct Birds	author	Walter Rothschild, 2nd Baron Rothschild
Investigations into Germanic Mythology	author	Viktor Rydberg
Beauty Confidential	author	Nadine Haobsh
Paper Towns	author	John Green
Master of Adventure: The Worlds of Edgar Rice Burroughs	author	Richard A. Lupoff
War of the Wizards	author	Ian Page
The Deniers	author	Lawrence Solomon
King of the Pygmies	author	Jonathon Scott Fuqua
Parliament of Whores	author	P. J. O'Rourke
The Great Dinosaur Robbery	author	David Forrest
My Traitor's Heart	author	Rian Malan
The Ox-Bow Incident	author	Walter Van Tilburg Clark
Cocker's Decimal Arithmetick	author	Edward Cocker
Tytania	author	Yoshiki Tanaka
The Slave-Girl from Jerusalem	author	Caroline Lawrence
Radicals for Capitalism	author	Brian Doherty
Goliath	author	Steve Alten
A Theory of Everything	author	Ken Wilber
There's a Wocket in My Pocket	author	Dr. Seuss
First Light	author	Geoffrey Wellum
Dancing on Coral	author	Glenda Adams
FindArticles	author	LookSmart
The Sotheby's Wine Encyclopedia	author	Tom Stevenson
Sergeant Chip	author	Bradley Denton
Radiant Doors	author	Michael Swanwick
Wild Minds	author	Michael Swanwick
Kentico CMS	author	Kentico Software
The Unwilling Warlord	author	Lawrence Watt-Evans
The Islands of the Blessed	author	Nancy Farmer
Physics of the Impossible	author	Michio Kaku
Nip the Buds, Shoot the Kids	author	Kenzaburō Ōe
Beyond Thirty	author	Edgar Rice Burroughs
Journey to the Stone Country	author	Alex Miller
The Great Fire	author	Shirley Hazzard
Plague Ship	author	Clive Cussler
Plague Ship	author	Jack Du Brul
The Overloaded Ark	author	Gerald Durrell
Thomas no Shinzō	author	Moto Hagio
The Wonders of Nature	author	Josiah Priest
The Great World	author	David Malouf
Oceana Fine	author	Tom Flood
The Valachi Papers	author	Peter Maas
The Samurai	author	Shusaku Endo
Basic Chess Endings	author	Reuben Fine
The Stone Dogs	author	S. M. Stirling
Under the Yoke	author	S. M. Stirling
Century	author	Fred Mustard Stewart
Foreigner	author	Robert J. Sawyer
Short Trips: How the Doctor Changed My Life	author	Simon Guerrier
Raising Kaine	author	Lowell Feld and Eric Grim
Audition: A Memoir	author	Barbara Walters
Are You There, Vodka%3F It's Me, Chelsea	author	Chelsea Handler
Sports, Sin and Subversion	author	Evan X Hyde
Gears of War: Aspho Fields	author	Karen Traviss
The Cat Who Went to Paris	author	Peter Gethers
The Cat Who'll Live Forever	author	Peter Gethers
A Cat Abroad	author	Peter Gethers
Cross Country	author	James Patterson
Plurk	author	plurkteam
The Stranger Beside Me	author	Ann Rule
The Snowball: Warren Buffett and the Business of Life	author	Alice Schroeder
A Patriot's History of the United States	author	Michael Allen, Larry Schweikart
Eva	author	Peter Dickinson
Home: A Memoir of My Early Years	author	Julie Andrews
Beautiful Boy: A Father's Journey Through His Son's Addiction	author	David Sheff
Justice Undone	author	Thor Vilhjálmsson
Mistaken Identity: Two Families, One Survivor, Unwavering Hope	author	Don and Susie van Ryn; Newell, Colleen and Whitney Cerak; and Mark Tabb
Dirty Blonde: The Diaries of Courtney Love	author	Courtney Love
The Most Incredible Thing	author	Hans Christian Andersen
Relic of Empire	author	W. Michael Gear
An Outline Dictionary of Maya Glyphs	author	William E. Gates
Warhol-o-rama	author	Peter Oresick
The Land I Lost	author	Quang Nhuong Huynh
Losing It	author	Valerie Bertinelli
Tsukumo Happy Soul	author	Kendi Oiwa
Shutendoji	author	Go Nagai
Shutendoji	author	Yasutaka Nagai
Shutendoji	author	Shigekazu Kitamura
The Lost Fleet: Valiant	author	John G. Hemry
Two Bad Ants	author	Chris Van Allsburg
3 Willows: The Sisterhood Grows	author	Ann Brashares
Frankenstein	author	Mary Shelley
Terra Nova	author	Edward Castronova, Julian Dibbell, Dan Hunter, and Greg Lastowka
The Plantation	author	Chris Kuzneski
The Black Swan	author	Thomas Mann
Marihuana	author	Cornell Woolrich
Sign of the Cross	author	Chris Kuzneski
Sword of God	author	Chris Kuzneski
The Lost Throne	author	Chris Kuzneski
Geisha in Rivalry	author	Nagai Kafu
Autobiography of a Geisha	author	Sayo Masuda
The Dark Side	author	Jane Mayer
The Lost Fleet: Dauntless	author	John G. Hemry
Auto-da-Fé	author	Elias Canetti
The Willow Tree	author	Hubert Selby Jr
Chain of Blame	author	Paul Muolo and Mathew Padilla
Half of a Yellow Sun	author	Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie
Date with Darkness	author	Donald Hamilton
The Long Trial of Nolan Dugatti	author	Stephen Graham Jones
Defending the Undefendable	author	Walter Block
Girls under Pressure	author	Jacqueline Wilson
The Steel Mirror	author	Donald Hamilton
Beast Master	author	Kyousuke Motomi
Smoky Valley	author	Donald Hamilton
The Klingon Gambit	author	Robert E. Vardeman
The Prometheus Design	author	Sondra Marshak and Myrna Culbreath
The Abode of Life	author	Lee Correy
Black Fire	author	Sonni Cooper
Triangle	author	Sondra Marshak and Myrna Culbreath
Collision Course	author	Robert Silverberg
Highways to a War	author	Christopher Koch
Web of the Romulans	author	M. S. Murdock
Journey Through a Small Planet	author	Emanuel Litvinoff
Thunder and Lightnings	author	Jan Mark
Jumbor Barutronica	author	Mikami Hiromasa
Jumbor Barutronica	author	Mikami Hiromasa
In Her Shoes	author	Jennifer Weiner
Mutiny on the Enterprise	author	Robert E. Vardeman
Gunahon Ka Devta	author	Dharmveer Bharti
The Trellisane Confrontation	author	David Dvorkin
Corona	author	Greg Bear
HistoAtlas	author	Stefaan Desender
My Enemy, My Ally	author	Diane Duane
My Dearest Devil Princess	author	Makoto Matsumoto
The Tears of the Singers	author	Melinda M. Snodgrass
The Vulcan Academy Murders	author	Jean Lorrah
Uhura's Song	author	Janet Kagan
Maken-ki!	author	Hiromitsu Takeda
Shadow Lord	author	Laurence Yep
Killing Time	author	Della Van Hise
Dwellers in the Crucible	author	Margaret Wander Bonanno
Pawns and Symbols	author	Majliss Larson
Demon Prince Enma	author	Go Nagai
Dororon Enma-kun	author	Go Nagai
Dororon Enma-kun	author	Masaki Segawa
Dororon Enma-kun	author	Sae Amatsu
The Naughtiest Girl Again	author	Enid Blyton
Rewired: The Post-Cyberpunk Anthology	author	edited by James Patrick Kelly and John Kessel
Prisoner of the Daleks	author	Trevor Baxendale
The Slitheen Excursion	author	Simon Guerrier
Mindshadow	author	J.M. Dillard
Crisis on Centaurus	author	Brad Ferguson
Dreadnought!	author	Diane Carey
Demons	author	J.M. Dillard
The Day's Work	author	Rudyard Kipling
The Wizard in the Woods	author	Jean Ure
Shopaholic Abroad	author	Sophie Kinsella
N.	author	Stephen King
One	author	David Karp
Jezebel	author	Anna Holmes
Battlestations!	author	Diane Carey
Chain of Attack	author	Gene DeWeese
Deep Domain	author	Howard Weinstein
I Saw It	author	Keiji Nakazawa
Dreams of the Raven	author	Carmen Carter
The Romulan Way	author	Diane Duane and Peter Morwood
The IDIC Epidemic	author	Jean Lorrah
The Given Day	author	Dennis Lehane
The Pandora Principle	author	Carolyn Clowes
Rules of Engagement	author	Peter Morwood
The State	author	Franz Oppenheimer
The Cry of the Onlies	author	Judy Klass
The Final Nexus	author	Gene DeWeese
Double, Double	author	Michael Jan Friedman
Memory Prime	author	Judith and Garfield Reeves-Stevens
Timetrap	author	David Dvorkin
The Three-Minute Universe	author	Barbara Paul
Doctor's Orders	author	Diane Duane
Letty Fox: Her Luck	author	Christina Stead
Out of the Cradle	author	William K. Hartmann
Enemy Unseen	author	V.E. Mitchell
The Murder Book	author	Jonathan Kellerman
A Retrieved Reformation	author	O. Henry
The Cold Moon	author	Jeffery Deaver
Forgotten Tales of Love and Murder	author	Edgar Rice Burroughs
The Psychopathology of Everyday Life	author	Sigmund Freud
Beyond the Farthest Star	author	Edgar Rice Burroughs
Dorohedoro	author	Q Hayashida
Foxy Lady	author	Ayun Tachibana
The Two Jasons	author	Dave Stone
Kuhn vs. Popper	author	Steve Fuller
Double Trouble	author	Franklin W. Dixon, Michael Frost
Circus World	author	Barry B. Longyear
Home Is the Hunter	author	Dana Kramer-Rolls
Voyages of Imagination	author	Jeff Ayers
Night Walker	author	Donald Hamilton
Line of Fire	author	Donald Hamilton
A Tangled Tale	author	Lewis Carroll
Kirby: King of Comics	author	Mark Evanier
Assignment: Murder	author	Donald Hamilton
Mad River	author	Donald Hamilton
The Big Country	author	Donald Hamilton
The Man from Santa Clara	author	Donald Hamilton
Elsewhere	author	William Peter Blatty
The Wild Trees	author	Richard Preston
The Valley-Westside War	author	Harry Turtledove
My Grandfather's Son	author	Clarence Thomas
In High Places	author	Harry Turtledove
Texas Fever	author	Donald Hamilton
Curious Notions	author	Harry Turtledove
Gunpowder Empire	author	Harry Turtledove
Personal Demon	author	Kelley Armstrong
A Is for Alien	author	Caitlin R. Kiernan
My Place	author	Sally Morgan
Sabu to Ichi Torimono Hikae	author	Shotaro Ishinomori
Sabu to Ichi Torimono Hikae	author	Shotaro Ishimori
Animal's People	author	Indra Sinha
Shopaholic and Sister	author	Sophie Kinsella
Outcast	author	Aaron Allston
The Sontaran Games	author	Jacqueline Rayner
Judgement of the Judoon	author	Colin Brake
Wings of Hell	author	David Sherman
Wings of Hell	author	Dan Cragg
The Way To Cook	author	Julia Child
The Bridal Party	author	F. Scott Fitzgerald
The Lonely Man of Faith	author	Joseph B. Soloveitchik
The Ice Queen	author	Alice Hoffman
Practical Magic	author	Alice Hoffman
The Samurai's Garden	author	Gail Tsukiyama
Panther in the Basement	author	Amos Oz
Wetlands	author	Charlotte Roche
Evenor	author	George MacDonald
The Faery Handbag	author	Kelly Link
Twenty Chickens for a Saddle	author	Robyn Scott
Thaïs	author	Anatole France
The Associate	author	John Grisham
Black Mass: Apocalyptic Religion and the Death of Utopia	author	John N. Gray
The Gospel According to the Son	author	Norman Mailer
The Wall: Growing Up Behind the Iron Curtain	author	Peter Sís
Shopaholic and Baby	author	Sophie Kinsella
The Barbecue Bible	author	Steven Raichlen
Dead Children Playing	author	Stanley Donwood
Dead Children Playing	author	Thom Yorke
The Obama Nation	author	Jerome Corsi
Rietveld	author	Guido van Rossum
The Magic Thief	author	Sarah Prineas
The Way of the World	author	Ron Suskind
Every Man Dies Alone	author	Hans Fallada
One Day at HorrorLand	author	R. L. Stine
The Ruum	author	Arthur Porges
Common Wealth: Economics for a Crowded Planet	author	Jeffrey D. Sachs
The Seven Hills	author	John Maddox Roberts
Das Königsprojekt	author	Carl Amery
Marefa	author	Nayel Shafei
Eternal Curse on the Reader of These Pages	author	Manuel Puig
Keziah Dane	author	Sue Grafton
The Rebels	author	John Jakes
The Story of the Gadsbys	author	Rudyard Kipling
%22Rommel%3F%22 %22Gunner Who%3F%22	author	Spike Milligan
%22Rommel%3F%22 %22Gunner Who%3F%22	author	Jack Hobbs editor
Illeramma Kathalu	author	Somaraju Suseela
StyleCop	author	Microsoft
Generation Dead	author	Daniel Waters
The Lost Fleet: Fearless	author	John G. Hemry
Morgan's Run	author	Colleen McCullough
Diary of a Wimpy Kid: The Last Straw	author	Jeff Kinney
Dances on the Snow	author	Sergei Lukyanenko
Young Samurai: The Way of the Warrior	author	Chris Bradford
Save Me Plz	author	David Barr Kirtley
Commonwealth	author	Joey Goebel
The Lottery and Other Stories	author	Shirley Jackson
Resistance	author	Jeanne Kalogridis
Dark Mirror	author	Diane Duane
Bakuman	author	Tsugumi Ohba
Bakuman	author	Sei Hatsuno
Show Boat	author	Edna Ferber
Fred Entertainment	author	Kevin Smith
Darkest Hour	author	Meg Cabot
The Last Days	author	Joel C. Rosenberg
Madame Doubtfire	author	Anne Fine
Mr. Justice Raffles	author	E.W. Hornung
The Wizard in Wonderland	author	Jean Ure
Badjelly the Witch	author	Spike Milligan
FairlyLife	author	Hooksoft
Dixie Lullaby: A Story of Music, Race and New Beginnings in a New South	author	Mark Kemp
The Black Mask	author	E.W. Hornung
Grandpa Danger	author	Kazutoshi Soyama
The Amateur Cracksman	author	E.W. Hornung
Saturn's Children	author	Charles Stross
Missile Gap	author	Charles Stross
Warrior Marks	author	Alice Walker
Warrior Marks	author	Pratibha Parmar
Replacements	author	Lisa Tuttle
A Thief in the Night	author	E.W. Hornung
The Little Walls	author	Winston Graham
The Beatles: The Biography	author	Bob Spitz
The Masks of Time	author	Robert Silverberg
Nobody's Baby But Mine	author	Susan Elizabeth Phillips
Star Wars: The Clone Wars	author	Karen Traviss
Fatal Care: Survive in the U.S. Health System	author	Sanjaya Kumar, Maryland, M.Sc., MPH
Dave Barry Turns 50	author	Dave Barry
The Perfect Murder	author	H. R. F. Keating
Soldier Boys	author	Dean Hughes
Getter Robo Go	author	Tatsuya Yasuda
Getter Robo Go	author	Tatsuya Yasuda
Getter Robo Go	author	Go Nagai
Flunk Punk Rumble	author	Miki Yoshikawa
Ghost-Walker	author	Barbara Hambly
A Flag Full of Stars	author	Brad Ferguson
A Short Guide to the City	author	Peter Straub
Heroes of the Fiery Cross	author	Alma Bridwell White
The Butterfly Hunter	author	Dr. Max Malik
Passionate Minds	author	David Bodanis
Supreme Courtship	author	Christopher Buckley
Sacred	author	Dennis Lehane
Universe 3	author	edited by  Terry Carr
The False Inspector Dew	author	Peter Lovesey
The Glade Within the Grove	author	David Foster
That Cursed House in Amityville	author	Carlos Cala
Gray Victory	author	Robert Skimin
The Case Against Barack Obama	author	David Freddoso
Clash of Eagles	author	Leo Rutman
The Defence of Duffer's Drift	author	Ernest Dunlop Swinton
The Divine Worshipper	author	Christian Jacq
A Jolly Good Fellow	author	Stephen V. Masse
Massacre at Mountain Meadows	author	Ronald W. Walker
Massacre at Mountain Meadows	author	Richard E. Turley, Jr.
Massacre at Mountain Meadows	author	Glen M. Leonard
The Wench Is Dead	author	Colin Dexter
Sorry	author	Gail Jones
Dreams of Speaking	author	Gail Jones
Chhinnamastar Abhishap	author	Satyajit Ray
As We May Think	author	Vannevar Bush
The Dawn	author	Friedrich Nietzsche
The Secret of the Kingdom	author	Mika Waltari
The Four-Story Mistake	author	Elizabeth Enright
Then There Were Five	author	Elizabeth Enright
Spiderweb for Two: A Melendy Maze	author	Elizabeth Enright
Return to Gone-Away	author	Elizabeth Enright
Battle Cry of Freedom	author	James M. McPherson
Dark Palace	author	Frank Moorhouse
Drylands	author	Thea Astley
Gone Tomorrow	author	Lee Child
Benang	author	Kim Scott
The Colossus of Rhodes	author	Caroline Lawrence
Superclass	author	David Rothkopf
H2g2	author	Douglas Adams
Principia Discordia	author	Greg Hill and Kerry Wendell Thornley
Arctic Drift	author	Clive Cussler, Dirk Cussler
The Cluetrain Manifesto	author	Rick Levine, Christopher Locke, Doc Searls, and David Weinberger
Code and Other Laws of Cyberspace	author	Lawrence Lessig
Wikimedia Commons	author	Wikimedia community
Scouting for Boys	author	Robert Baden-Powell, 1st Baron Baden-Powell
The New Life	author	Orhan Pamuk
Socialism or Barbarism	author	István Mészáros
Gu Gu Ganmo	author	Fujihiko Hosono
Kimera	author	Kazuma Kodaka
Postcode: The Splintering of a Nation	author	Wayne Swan
Bad Science: The Short Life and Weird Times of Cold Fusion	author	Gary Taubes
And Then There Were None	author	Agatha Christie
Automated Alice	author	Jeff Noon
Atlas Shrugged	author	Ayn Rand
The Eagle in the Sand	author	Simon Scarrow
Polysexuality	author	François Peraldi
Arctic Chill	author	Arnaldur Indriðason
Peter and Wendy	author	J. M. Barrie
The Last Sontaran	author	Phil Ford
The Day of the Clown	author	Phil Ford
Macarthur	author	Bob Ong
ABNKKBSNPLAko%3F!	author	Bob Ong
You Know Me Al	author	Ring Lardner
One on One	author	Tabitha King
Saikyō! Toritsu Aoizaka Kōkō Yakyūbu	author	Motoyuki Tanaka
Artist Acro	author	Ato Sakurai
The Dreams in the Witch House and Other Weird Stories	author	H. P. Lovecraft
Death in the Andes	author	Mario Vargas Llosa
The Scribes from Alexandria	author	Caroline Lawrence
Gym and Slimline	author	Emma Burstall
The Blue World	author	Jack Vance
Stormfront	author	Don Black
DeviantArt	author	Scott Jarkoff, Matt Stephens, Angelo Sotira, and others
The Flood	author	Ian Rankin
Palette of 12 Secret Colors	author	Nari Kusakawa
The Mona Intercept	author	Donald Hamilton
Knowing and the Known	author	John Dewey and Arthur Bentley
The Soft Centre	author	James Hadley Chase
The Five Gold Bands	author	Jack Vance
Kongoh Bancho	author	Nakaba Suzuki
Murder Twice Told	author	Donald Hamilton
1080 recetas de cocina	author	Simone Ortega, Inés Ortega
Iron Men and Silver Stars	author	Donald Hamilton
From Here to Infinity	author	Ian Stewart
On Guns and Hunting	author	Donald Hamilton
MAX: A Maximum Ride Novel	author	James Patterson
Arc of Infinity	author	Terrance Dicks
Songza	author	Aza Raskin and Scott Robbin
La Maison du chat-qui-pelote	author	Honoré de Balzac
Star Trek: The Next Generation U.S.S. Enterprise NCC-1701-D Blueprints	author	Rick Sternbach
Le Bal de Sceaux	author	Honoré de Balzac
The Glass Castle	author	Jeannette Walls
Samurai Girl	author	Carrie Asai
Ink Exchange	author	Melissa Marr
Foreskin's Lament: A Memoir	author	Shalom Auslander
The Cool World	author	Warren Miller
Their Darkest Hour	author	Laurence Rees
The Secret of Annexe 3	author	Colin Dexter
The Riddle of the Third Mile	author	Colin Dexter
The Jewel That Was Ours	author	Colin Dexter
The Road of Bones	author	Anne Fine
Last Seen Wearing	author	Colin Dexter
Icon of Evil	author	David G. Dalin
Icon of Evil	author	John F. Rothmann
Icon of Evil	author	Alan Dershowitz
The Silent World of Nicholas Quinn	author	Colin Dexter
Service of All the Dead	author	Colin Dexter
Infinity Blues	author	Ryan Adams
Ranks of Bronze	author	David Drake
Old Town in the Green Groves	author	Cynthia Rylant
The Forlorn Hope	author	David Drake
Democracy and Education	author	John Dewey
Love Without Hope	author	Rodney Hall
A Most Wanted Man	author	John le Carré
The Way Through the Woods	author	Colin Dexter
Death Is Now My Neighbour	author	Colin Dexter
The Daughters of Cain	author	Colin Dexter
Careless	author	Deborah Robertson
In the Year of the Boar and Jackie Robinson	author	Bette Bao Lord
Boys Esté	author	Souko Masaki
Whip Hand	author	Dick Francis
The Museum of Innocence	author	Orhan Pamuk
45 obrtaja: Priče o pesmama	author	Dejan Cukić
Wit and Wisdom of Discworld	author	Terry Pratchett
Wit and Wisdom of Discworld	author	Stephen Briggs
William the Conqueror	author	Richmal Crompton
William the Good	author	Richmal Crompton
William and Air Raid Precautions	author	Richmal Crompton
The Forever Trap	author	Dan Abnett
The Ideological Origins of the American Revolution	author	Bernard Bailyn
Landscape of Farewell	author	Alex Miller
Ubiquity	author	Mozilla Labs
Dave Barry Turns 40	author	Dave Barry
Monogatari	author	Nisio Isin
No Laughing Matter	author	Joseph Heller
No Laughing Matter	author	Speed Vogel
The Club of Queer Trades	author	G. K. Chesterton
Maid Sama!	author	Hiro Fujiwara
TikZ	author	Till Tantau
Son of the Tree	author	Jack Vance
Dancing in my Nuddy-Pants	author	Louise Rennison
Madam Secretary	author	Madeleine Albright
Black Butler	author	Yana Toboso
Help at Any Cost	author	Maia Szalavitz
The Howling II	author	Gary Brandner
The Company They Keep	author	Diana Pavlac Glyer
The Steel Remains	author	Richard K. Morgan
White Guilt	author	Shelby Steele
Ramage	author	Dudley Pope
Lucinda Brayford	author	Martin Boyd
Betty Crocker Cookbook	author	General Mills staff
Ypsilon	author	Yoshikatsu Fujita
Incandescence	author	Greg Egan
Critical Masses: Opposition to Nuclear Power in California, 1958-1978	author	Thomas Wellock
The Chimera's Curse	author	Julia Golding
WriteToThem	author	mySociety
Disguise	author	Hugo Hamilton
American Creation	author	Joseph Ellis
Un taxi mauve	author	Michel Déon
Women on Top	author	Nancy Friday
Slugs	author	Shaun Hutson
Heavy Water and Other Stories	author	Martin Amis
The Maze of Bones	author	Rick Riordan
The 39 Clues	author	Peter Lerangis
The 39 Clues	author	Roland Smith
The 39 Clues	author	Linda Sue Park
The 39 Clues	author	David Baldacci
The 39 Clues	author	Jude Watson
The 39 Clues	author	Jeff Hirsch
The 39 Clues	author	C. Alexander London
The 39 Clues	author	Jenny Goebel
The 39 Clues	author	Sarwat Chadda
Lucky's Collectors Guide to 20th Century Yo-Yos	author	Lucky Meisenheimer
Talking It Over	author	Julian Barnes
Burn	author	James Patrick Kelly
The Broken Shore	author	Peter Temple
The Mark of the Assassin	author	Daniel Silva
The Gargoyle	author	Andrew Davidson
History of Shit	author	Dominique Laporte
Uphill Climb	author	Robert J. Sawyer
Fifteen	author	Beverly Cleary
Eternal Filena	author	Takeshi Shudō
Santa Esperanza	author	Aka Morchiladze
Up from the Bottomless Pit and Other Stories	author	Philip Jose Farmer
Venus on the Half-Shell and Others	author	Philip José Farmer
Bones and Silence	author	Reginald Hill
Gone, Baby, Gone	author	Dennis Lehane
Magic Study	author	Maria V. Snyder
Midnight: A Gangster Love Story	author	Sister Souljah
Denpa teki na Kanojo	author	Kentarō Katayama
How Angel Peterson Got His Name	author	Gary Paulsen
Ruling Passion	author	Reginald Hill
An Advancement of Learning	author	Reginald Hill
A Clubbable Woman	author	Reginald Hill
An April Shroud	author	Reginald Hill
A Pinch of Snuff	author	Reginald Hill
A Killing Kindness	author	Reginald Hill
Chain of Evidence	author	Garry Disher
On Nuclear Terrorism	author	Michael A. Levi
Crusade	author	Robyn Young
The Love Dare	author	Alex Kendrick
The Love Dare	author	Stephen Kendrick
Cat Paradise	author	Yūji Iwahara
Treasure Fever!	author	Andy Griffiths
Line and Strength	author	Glenn McGrath
GTK-server	author	Peter van Eerten
The Knife That Killed Me	author	Anthony McGowan
The Knife of Never Letting Go	author	Patrick Ness
The Watchman	author	Robert Crais
Shatter	author	Michael Robotham
Lost	author	Michael Robotham
The Seventh Decade	author	Jonathan Schell
The Beauty of Fractals	author	Heinz-Otto Peitgen
The Beauty of Fractals	author	Peter Richter
Where Others Wavered	author	Sam Nujoma
Five Have a Wonderful Time	author	Enid Blyton
Five Go to Mystery Moor	author	Enid Blyton
The Private Patient	author	P. D. James
Wycliffe and the Winsor Blue	author	W. J. Burley
The Faerie Path	author	Frewin Jones
Ryū	author	Masao Yajima
Ladybug Girl	author	Jacky Davis
The Earl and the Fairy	author	Mizue Tani
Colors Insulting to Nature	author	Cintra Wilson
A Mind to Murder	author	P. D. James
Shoes	author	Why the lucky stiff
Monkey Puzzle	author	Julia Donaldson
The Unfinished Twentieth Century	author	Jonathan Schell
Taxi	author	Khaled Al Khamissi
The City & the City	author	China Miéville
Ghost Hunter	author	Michelle Paver
101 Philosophy Problems	author	Martin Cohen
Deluxe: How Luxury Lost Its Luster	author	Dana Thomas
Thank You, Mr. Moto	author	John P. Marquand
Nora: The Last Chronicle of Devildom	author	Kazunari Kakei
You Can't Be President	author	John R. MacArthur
The Planet Savers	author	Marion Zimmer Bradley
The Sword of Aldones	author	Marion Zimmer Bradley
The Dragon Man	author	Garry Disher
The Savage Garden	author	Mark Mills
The Sail and Steam Navy List	author	Rif Winfield and David Lyon
The Costello Memoirs	author	Peter Costello
The Costello Memoirs	author	Peter Coleman
Legion of the Damned	author	William C. Dietz
The Brush-Off	author	Shane Maloney
The Bloody Sun	author	Marion Zimmer Bradley
Star of Danger	author	Marion Zimmer Bradley
The White Tiger	author	Aravind Adiga
Bad Debts	author	Peter Temple
Flood	author	Stephen Baxter
My Dad, John McCain	author	Meghan McCain
The War Within	author	Bob Woodward
Nuclear Terrorism: The Ultimate Preventable Catastrophe	author	Graham Allison
In the Days of the Comet	author	H. G. Wells
Zaregoto Series	author	Nisio Isin
The Gift of Rain	author	Tan Twan Eng
Three to See the King	author	Magnus Mills
Hot, Flat, and Crowded	author	Thomas Friedman
Corporal to Field Officer	author	Captain H.P.E. Phillips, MC, and Lieutenant-Colonel  R. J. S. Langford
Falcons of Narabedla	author	Marion Zimmer Bradley
Black Tide	author	Peter Temple
Brave Companions: Portraits in History	author	David McCullough
Dead Point	author	Peter Temple
White Dog	author	Peter Temple
Susano Oh	author	Go Nagai
Susano Oh	author	Go Nagai
Mao's Last Dancer	author	Li Cunxin
Dungeons & Dragons	author	Gary Gygax
Dungeons & Dragons	author	Dave Arneson
Stori Telling	author	Tori Spelling & Hilary Liftin
Sugarbunnies	author	Kanaki Shiori
Babylon 5: To Dream in the City of Sorrows	author	Kathryn M. Drennan
A Different Flesh	author	Harry Turtledove
Shooting Star	author	Peter Temple
The Mind's Eye	author	Håkan Nesser
The children of Niobe	author	Tasos Athanasiadis
Greyhawk	author	Gary Gygax and Robert J. Kuntz
Blackmoor	author	Dave Arneson
Iron Virgin Jun	author	Go Nagai
The Torture Papers	author	Karen J. Greenberg
The Torture Papers	author	Joshua L. Dratel
Who Would Have Thought It%3F	author	María Ruiz de Burton
The Birds and Other Stories	author	Daphne Du Maurier
Isaac Asimov Presents The Great SF Stories 3	author	Edited by Isaac Asimov and Martin H. Greenberg
Isaac Asimov Presents The Great SF Stories 2	author	Edited by Isaac Asimov and Martin H. Greenberg
Isaac Asimov Presents The Great SF Stories 4	author	Edited by Isaac Asimov and Martin H. Greenberg
Samurai Harem: Asu no Yoichi	author	Yū Minamoto
Isaac Asimov Presents The Great SF Stories 5	author	Edited by Isaac Asimov and Martin H. Greenberg
Isaac Asimov Presents The Great SF Stories 6	author	Edited by Isaac Asimov and Martin H. Greenberg
Shanghai Girls	author	Lisa See
The Fugitive from Corinth	author	Caroline Lawrence
Conan the Guardian	author	Roland J. Green
Princess of Gossip	author	Sabrina Bryan, Julia DeVillers
Isaac Asimov Presents The Great SF Stories 7	author	Edited by Isaac Asimov and Martin H. Greenberg
Isaac Asimov Presents The Great SF Stories 8	author	Edited by Isaac Asimov and Martin H. Greenberg
Isaac Asimov Presents The Great SF Stories 9	author	Edited by Isaac Asimov and Martin H. Greenberg
Ulverton	author	Adam Thorpe
India After Gandhi	author	Ramchandra Guha\n  Hindi Translation by Sushant Jha
Isaac Asimov Presents The Great SF Stories 10	author	Edited by Isaac Asimov and Martin H. Greenberg
The Crisis	author	Winston Churchill
Isaac Asimov Presents The Great SF Stories 13	author	Edited by Isaac Asimov and Martin H. Greenberg
Isaac Asimov Presents The Great SF Stories 12	author	Edited by Isaac Asimov and Martin H. Greenberg
Exile of Atlantis	author	Robert E. Howard
Isaac Asimov Presents The Great SF Stories 11	author	Edited by Isaac Asimov and Martin H. Greenberg
Isaac Asimov Presents The Great SF Stories 14	author	Edited by Isaac Asimov and Martin H. Greenberg
Ozanari Dungeon	author	Motoo Koyama
Isaac Asimov Presents The Great SF Stories 15	author	Edited by Isaac Asimov and Martin H. Greenberg
Isaac Asimov Presents The Great SF Stories 16	author	Edited by Isaac Asimov and Martin H. Greenberg
Isaac Asimov Presents The Great SF Stories 17	author	Edited by Isaac Asimov and Martin H. Greenberg
Isaac Asimov Presents The Great SF Stories 18	author	Edited by Isaac Asimov and Martin H. Greenberg
Isaac Asimov Presents The Great SF Stories 20	author	Edited by Isaac Asimov and Martin H. Greenberg
Isaac Asimov Presents The Great SF Stories 19	author	Edited by Isaac Asimov and Martin H. Greenberg
Extempore	author	Damon Knight
Isaac Asimov Presents The Great SF Stories 24	author	Edited by Isaac Asimov and Martin H. Greenberg
Isaac Asimov Presents The Great SF Stories 22	author	Edited by Isaac Asimov and Martin H. Greenberg
Isaac Asimov Presents The Great SF Stories 21	author	Edited by Isaac Asimov and Martin H. Greenberg
Isaac Asimov Presents The Great SF Stories 23	author	Edited by Isaac Asimov and Martin H. Greenberg
Isaac Asimov Presents The Great SF Stories 25	author	Edited by Isaac Asimov and Martin H. Greenberg
The Underground	author	Jerry B. Jenkins and Tim LaHaye
The Last of the Winnebagos	author	Connie Willis
Night Sky Mine	author	Melissa Scott
Raptr	author	Dennis Fong
The Mirrors of Tuzun Thune	author	Robert E. Howard
Ghostgirl	author	Tonya Hurley
Wikitravel	author	Evan Prodromou
Wikitravel	author	Michele Ann Jenkins
You Can Heal Your Life	author	Louise Hay
The Cyborg from Earth	author	Charles Sheffield
Oira Sukeban	author	Go Nagai
The Managed Heart	author	Arlie Russell Hochschild
Sunnyside	author	Glen David Gold
The Unusual Life of Tristan Smith	author	Peter Carey
Romanno Bridge	author	Andrew Greig
The Gadget	author	Paul Zindel
The Door Through Space	author	Marion Zimmer Bradley
Resistance	author	Owen Sheers
The Protocols of the Elders of Zion	author	Unknown. Plagiarised from Hermann Goedsche and Maurice Joly, plagiarized in turn from Eugène Sue and Alexandre Dumas, père
Up and Down the Scratchy Mountains	author	Laurel Snyder
Angler: The Cheney Vice Presidency	author	Barton Gellman
MazinSaga	author	Go Nagai
Shadow of a Dark Queen	author	Raymond E. Feist
Equal Affections	author	David Leavitt
Woman Hollering Creek and Other Stories	author	Sandra Cisneros
I'll Take You There	author	Joyce Carol Oates
The Kiss of Death	author	Marcus Sedgwick
And Another Thing...	author	Eoin Colfer
The Crossing of Ingo	author	Helen Dunmore
Diaries of an Internet Lover	author	Dawn O'Porter
Knol	author	Google
Babouk	author	Guy Endore
More Information Than You Require	author	John Hodgman
Travels	author	Michael Crichton
The Forbidden Tower	author	Marion Zimmer Bradley
Blood of Dreams	author	Susan Parisi
Swords & Spells	author	Gary Gygax
A Son of the Celestial	author	Willa Cather
A Tale of the White Pyramid	author	Willa Cather
A Great Wall: Six Presidents and China	author	Patrick Tyler
The Happy Isles of Oceania	author	Paul Theroux
Skull-Face	author	Robert E. Howard
Savage Season	author	Joe R. Lansdale
Life	author	Keiko Suenobu
The Keeper's Price	author	edited by Marion Zimmer Bradley
Blankety Blank: A Memoir of Vulgaria	author	D. Harlan Wilson
Sword of Chaos	author	edited by Marion Zimmer Bradley
JBoss Developer Studio	author	JBoss, a division of Red Hat
The Wrong Doyle	author	Robert Girardi
Belchamber	author	Howard Sturgis
The Exception to the Rulers	author	Amy Goodman
Madeleine's Ghost	author	Robert Girardi
The Pirate's Daughter: A Novel of Adventure	author	Robert Girardi
Girls in Love	author	Jacqueline Wilson
Mad Love Chase	author	Takashima Kazusa
The Year's Best Science Fiction: Twenty-Second Annual Collection	author	Edited by Gardner Dozois
The Jolly Postman	author	Janet and Allan Ahlberg
The Year's Best Science Fiction: Fourteenth Annual Collection	author	Edited by Gardner Dozois
The Year's Best Science Fiction: Ninth Annual Collection	author	Edited by Gardner Dozois
Random Acts of Heroic Love	author	Danny Scheinmann
The Year's Best Science Fiction: Twelfth Annual Collection	author	Edited by Gardner Dozois
The Year's Best Science Fiction: Seventh Annual Collection	author	Edited by Gardner Dozois
A Vaudeville of Devils: Seven Moral Tales	author	Robert Girardi
The Year's Best Science Fiction: Sixth Annual Collection	author	Edited by Gardner Dozois
Thendara House	author	Marion Zimmer Bradley
The Forged Coupon	author	Leo Tolstoy
The Hemingses of Monticello	author	Annette Gordon-Reed
The Killing Star	author	Charles R. Pellegrino and George Zebrowski
Empress Bianca	author	Lady Colin Campbell
Jesus of Nazareth	author	Pope Benedict XVI
Worlds of the Imperium	author	Keith Laumer
A Massive Swelling	author	Cintra Wilson
The Fabled Fourth Graders of Aesop Elementary School	author	Candace Fleming
Baking with Julia	author	Julia Child, Dorie Greenspan
City of Sorcery	author	Marion Zimmer Bradley
The Bourne Deception	author	Robert Ludlum
The Bourne Deception	author	Eric Van Lustbader
Free Amazons of Darkover	author	edited by Marion Zimmer Bradley
The Children's Hospital	author	Chris Adrian
Prisons We Choose to Live Inside	author	Doris Lessing
The Other Side of the Mirror	author	edited by Marion Zimmer Bradley
Dreaming Metal	author	Melissa Scott
The War in Eastern Europe	author	John Reed
Chitralekha	author	Bhagwati Charan Verma
Dogger	author	Shirley Hughes
Red Sun of Darkover	author	edited by Marion Zimmer Bradley
Vaporetto 13: A Novel	author	Robert Girardi
Four Moons of Darkover	author	edited by Marion Zimmer Bradley
Softonic.com	author	Tomás Diago
The Malcontenta	author	Barry Maitland
The Littlest Hitler	author	Ryan Boudinot
A Bold Fresh Piece of Humanity	author	Bill O'Reilly
Inside Dope	author	Paul Thomas
City at the End of Time	author	Greg Bear
Domains of Darkover	author	edited by Marion Zimmer Bradley
Kuri-chan	author	Susumu Nemoto
Physicist and Christian	author	William G. Pollard
The Cat Who Had 60 Whiskers	author	Lilian Jackson Braun
The Story of Edgar Sawtelle	author	David Wroblewski
Dark Angel	author	John Dale
The Fern Tattoo	author	David Brooks
Mistborn: The Hero of Ages	author	Brandon Sanderson
Unseen Academicals	author	Terry Pratchett
Splat the Cat	author	Rob Scotton
Short Trips: Christmas Around the World	author	Xanna Eve Chown
Short Trips: Indefinable Magic	author	Neil Corry
Ich werde hier sein im Sonnenschein und im Schatten	author	Christian Kracht
Sixty Lights	author	Gail Jones
Kung Fu High School	author	Ryan Gattis
Get Rich Quick	author	Peter Doyle
Linebarrels of Iron	author	Eiichi Shimizu
Without Warning	author	John Birmingham
Liver: A Fictional Organ with a Surface Anatomy of Four Lobes	author	Will Self
Body Double	author	Tess Gerritsen
Dungeons & Dragons Basic Set	author	Based on the work of Gary Gygax and Dave Arneson
Dungeons & Dragons Basic Set	author	John Eric Holmes
Dungeons & Dragons Basic Set	author	Tom Moldvay
Dungeons & Dragons Basic Set	author	Frank Mentzer
Dungeons & Dragons Basic Set	author	Troy Denning
Gone to the Dogs	author	Emily Carmichael
Lulu Atlantis and the Quest for True Blue Love	author	Patricia Martin
Doors Open	author	Ian Rankin
A Cool Head	author	Ian Rankin
Zen Shorts	author	Jon J. Muth
The Other Side of the Frontier	author	Henry Reynolds
The Nose	author	Akutagawa Ryūnosuke
Red as Blood, or Tales from the Sisters Grimmer	author	Tanith Lee
Twentysix Gasoline Stations	author	Ed Ruscha
An Appeal to Reason	author	Nigel Lawson
Little Wansa	author	Osamu Tezuka
Lassie Come-Home	author	Eric Knight
Book of Haikus	author	Jack Kerouac
Tomorrow, When the War Began	author	John Marsden
The Painted Skin	author	Pu Songling
The Birth of the Clinic	author	Michel Foucault
Jennie Gerhardt	author	Theodore Dreiser
BLDGBLOG	author	Geoff Manaugh
The Art of the Engine Driver	author	Steven Carroll
Spade Cooley's Western Swing Song Folio	author	Donnell C. \
Home	author	Marilynne Robinson
The Gift of Speed	author	Steven Carroll
The Glitch in Sleep	author	John Hulme and Michael Wexler
Conditions of Faith	author	Alex Miller
Prochownik's Dream	author	Alex Miller
Queers in History	author	Keith Stern
The Apprentice	author	Tess Gerritsen
Colourlovers	author	Darius A. Monsef IV
After the Empire	author	Emmanuel Todd
Amaze Your Friends	author	Peter Doyle
Last Drinks	author	Andrew McGahan
The Forever War	author	Dexter Filkins
Twist	author	Miles Tredinnick
Ajax4jsf	author	Alexander Smirnov, Exadel, JBoss
Saratoga Trunk	author	Edna Ferber
The Tin Roof Blowdown	author	James Lee Burke
Zhuangzi	author	Zhuang Zhou
Black Belt Patriotism	author	Chuck Norris
The Twinkie Squad	author	Gordon Korman
Death Delights	author	Gabrielle Lord
Into the Looking Glass	author	John Ringo
Appaloosa	author	Robert B. Parker
Encyclopedia of Cryptography and Security	author	Henk C.A.v. Tilborg,
Encyclopedia of Cryptography and Security	author	Eindhoven University of Technology
Sia lives on Kilimanjaro	author	Astrid Lindgren
A Thousand Days	author	Arthur M. Schlesinger Jr.
An Inconvenient Woman	author	Dominick Dunne
The Split Second	author	John Hulme and Michael Wexler
The Bottle Factory Outing	author	Beryl Bainbridge
Cruel Zinc Melodies	author	Glen Cook
The Lions of Lucerne	author	Brad Thor
The Low Road	author	Chris Womersley
Cassina Gambrel Was Missing	author	William Watkins
Coffee, Tea or Me%3F	author	\
Cutie Honey Flash	author	Go Nagai
The First Death	author	Dimitris Lyacos
Master of Whitestorm	author	Janny Wurts
The Painted Man	author	Peter V. Brett
Stranglers' Moon	author	Stephen Goldin
The Golden City	author	John Twelve Hawks
Crook as Rookwood	author	Chris Nyst
Degrees of Connection	author	Jon Cleary
The Garden Book	author	Brian Castro
Longleg	author	Glenda Adams
The Sound of One Hand Clapping	author	Richard Flanagan
Death of a River Guide	author	Richard Flanagan
The Gone-Away World	author	Nick Harkaway
Technopoly	author	Neil Postman
The Mystery of the Burnt Cottage	author	Enid Blyton
Corduroy Mansions	author	Alexander McCall Smith
Shikari in Galveston	author	S. M. Stirling
Long War Journal	author	Bill Roggio
Long War Journal	author	Paul Hanusz
Women as Demons: The Male Perception of Women through Space and Time	author	Tanith Lee
Nightshades: Thirteen Journeys Into Shadow	author	Tanith Lee
The Lincoln Hunters	author	Wilson Tucker
Bengali film directory	author	Ansu Sur
Flying Blind, Flying Safe	author	Mary Schiavo, with Sabra Chartrand
The Longest Memory	author	Fred D'Aguiar
Another City, Not My Own	author	Dominick Dunne
Splendours of Royal Mysore	author	Vikram Sampath
Whispers in the Graveyard	author	Theresa Breslin
Daddy's Girls	author	Tasmina Perry
Passion's Promise	author	Danielle Steel
Lolita	author	Vladimir Nabokov
Moomin	author	Tove Jansson
Women Writing About Money	author	Edward Copeland
Bomber Girl	author	Makoto Niwano
Asura Cryin'	author	Gakuto Mikumo
Days and Nights of Love and War	author	Eduardo Galeano
For Rent One Grammy One Gramps	author	Ivy Duffy Doherty
The Garden of the Gods	author	Gerald Durrell
Future Primitive and Other Essays	author	John Zerzan
The Extra Mile	author	Ivy Duffy Doherty
Yozakura Quartet	author	Suzuhito Yasuda
From Bakunin to Lacan	author	Saul Newman
The Commissar Vanishes	author	David King
B.B.	author	Osamu Ishiwata
Tokyo Daigaku Monogatari	author	Tatsuya Egawa
Night of the Moonjellies	author	Mark Shasha
The Third Option	author	Vince Flynn
The Story of Egmo	author	Ben Cormack
The Ambassador's Mission	author	Trudi Canavan
Necessary Heartbreak	author	M.J. Sullivan
Seeds of Change: Five Plants That Transformed Mankind	author	Henry Hobhouse
The Army of the Republic	author	Stuart Archer Cohen
A Darker Domain	author	Val McDermid
Karakuri Dôji Ultimo	author	Stan Lee
Absolution	author	Olaf Olafsson
Expiration Date	author	Tim Powers
Orson Scott Card's InterGalactic Medicine Show	author	Orson Scott Card
Orson Scott Card's InterGalactic Medicine Show	author	Edmund R. Schubert
Before I Die	author	Jenny Downham
Lord	author	Buronson
Cecily G. and the Nine Monkeys	author	H.A. Rey
Minor Tactics of the Chalk Stream	author	George Edward MacKenzie Skues
Ready or Not	author	Meg Cabot
The Charioteer of Delphi	author	Caroline Lawrence
The Lost Dog	author	Michelle de Kretser
Gens des nuages	author	Jean-Marie Gustave Le Clézio and Jémia Le Clézio
Le Procès-Verbal	author	J. M. G. Le Clézio
To the Icebergs	author	J. M. G. Le Clézio co-written by Henri Michaux
The Sky Is Falling	author	Kit Pearson
Diego et Frida	author	J. M. G. Le Clézio
Fire Study	author	Maria V. Snyder
The Race	author	Richard North Patterson
The Last Days	author	Andrew Masterson
The Second Coming	author	Andrew Masterson
The Tax Inspector	author	Peter Carey
Moral Hazard	author	Kate Jennings
The Gun	author	C.S. Forester
The Wordy Shipmates	author	Sarah Vowell
The Secrets of Harry Bright	author	Joseph Wambaugh
Omega	author	Jack McDevitt
Polaris	author	Jack McDevitt
Cookie	author	Jacqueline Wilson
La fièvre	author	J.M.G. Le Clézio
Le Déluge	author	J. M. G. Le Clézio
Désert	author	J. M. G. Le Clézio
Mother Warriors	author	Jenny McCarthy
Three Little Dreams	author	Thomas Aquinas Maguire
Ninja Hattori-kun	author	Fujiko Fujio
The Beast that Shouted Love at the Heart of the World	author	Harlan Ellison
Buyology	author	Martin Lindstrom
American Beauty	author	Edna Ferber
The Whole Truth	author	David Baldacci
Joined-Up Thinking	author	Stevyn Colgan
A Life of Contrasts	author	Diana Mitford
The Dragon Lord	author	David Drake
Oceanic	author	Greg Egan
On the Trail of the Assassins	author	Jim Garrison
Damned Good Show	author	Derek Robinson
The Age of Wire and String	author	Ben Marcus
Maboroshi Panty	author	Yasutaka Nagai
Project Darkstar	author	Sun Microsystems
A to Z Mysteries	author	Ron Roy
Capitalism, Socialism and Democracy	author	Joseph Schumpeter
Aramis, or the Love of Technology	author	Bruno Latour
Against His-Story, Against Leviathan	author	Fredy Perlman
Click, Clack, Quackity-Quack	author	Doreen Cronin
Minnie and Moo: Will You Be My Valentine%3F	author	Denys Cazet
Beyond the Devil's Teeth	author	Tahir Shah
In Search of King Solomon's Mines	author	Tahir Shah
Jewels from the Moon	author	Eleanor Cameron
Robot Operating System	author	Willow Garage
Robot Operating System	author	Stanford Artificial Intelligence Laboratory
The Line	author	Arch Flanagan and Martin Flanagan
The Middle East Bedside Book	author	Tahir Shah
House of the Tiger King	author	Tahir Shah
In Arabian Nights	author	Tahir Shah
The Caliph's House	author	Tahir Shah
Trail of Feathers	author	Tahir Shah
Spandau: The Secret Diaries	author	Albert Speer
Out Where the West Begins	author	Arthur Chapman
Dungeons & Dragons Rules Cyclopedia	author	Aaron Allston , Steven E. Schend, Jon Pickens, and Dori Jean Watry
Face Value	author	Jani Allan
Invisible!	author	Robert Swindells
Click, Clack, Splish, Splash	author	Doreen Cronin
The Way I Am	author	Eminem
Onitsha	author	J. M. G. Le Clézio
Things That Are	author	Andrew Clements
Point of Origin	author	Patricia Cornwell
Mating	author	Norman Rush
Confederates	author	Thomas Keneally
An Angel in Australia	author	Thomas Keneally
Embalming	author	Nobuhiro Watsuki
Embalming	author	Kaoru Kurosaki
The Widow and Her Hero	author	Thomas Keneally
Between Two Rivers	author	Nicholas Rinaldi
Yakuza Girl – Blade Shikake no Hanayome	author	Masaki Motonaga
A Good Hanging and Other Stories	author	Ian Rankin
Watch You Bleed: The Saga of Guns N' Roses	author	Stephen Davis
The Presence: A Ghost Story	author	Eve Bunting
The Glass Cell	author	Patricia Highsmith
The Whiskey Rebels	author	David Liss
Basic Palaeontology	author	Michael J. Benton
Basic Palaeontology	author	David A.T. Harper
Those Who Walk Away	author	Patricia Highsmith
The Last Egyptian	author	L. Frank Baum
Gaslight series	author	David Stuart Davies, Barbara Hambly, Christopher Sequeira, and Barbara Roden
The Brass Verdict	author	Michael Connelly
Terra Amata	author	J. M. G. Le Clézio
Calm at Sunset, Calm at Dawn	author	Paul Watkins
My Life in Orange	author	Tim Guest
Early Autumn	author	Robert B. Parker
Arei no Kagami	author	Leiji Matsumoto
Floating Flies and How to Dress Them	author	Frederic M. Halford
The Decameron	author	Giovanni Boccaccio
Weaver	author	Stephen Baxter
Prehistoric Digital Poetry	author	Christopher Funkhouser
Catch Me if You Can	author	Frank Abagnale, Stan Redding
Tim the Tiny Horse at Large	author	Harry Hill
Infinite Loop	author	Michael S. Malone
A Historical Atlas of South Asia	author	Joseph E. Schwartzberg
Burn Rate	author	Michael Wolff
A Real Basket Case	author	Beth Groundwater
The Sufis	author	Idries Shah
And a body to remember with	author	Carmen Rodriguez
Poop: A Natural History of the Unmentionable	author	Nicola Davies
The Truth About Poop	author	Susan Goodman
Flush!: The Scoop on Poop Throughout the Ages	author	Charise Mericle Harper
The Earth, My Butt, and Other Big Round Things	author	Carolyn Mackler
Winterdance: The Fine Madness of Running the Iditarod	author	Gary Paulsen
Payback: Debt and the Shadow Side of Wealth	author	Margaret Atwood
Italian Lessons	author	Peter Pezzelli
Twine	author	Radar Networks
The Way of the Sufi	author	Idries Shah
The Sandman	author	Ralph Fletcher
Francesca's Kitchen	author	Peter Pezzelli
Toriko	author	Mitsutoshi Shimabukuro
The Winds of Darkover	author	Marion Zimmer Bradley
The World Wreckers	author	Marion Zimmer Bradley
The Snow Leopard	author	Peter Matthiessen
Apartment 255	author	Bunty Avieson
The One O'Clock Chop	author	Ralph Fletcher
A Game for the Living	author	Patricia Highsmith
The Two Faces of January	author	Patricia Highsmith
The Story of the Latter-day Saints	author	James B. Allen and Glen M. Leonard
Grandpa Never Lies	author	Ralph Fletcher
Lovely Angel	author	Go Nagai
Cockroach Cooties	author	Laurence Yep
Tomorrow Wendy	author	Shelley Stoehr
Renunciates of Darkover	author	edited by Marion Zimmer Bradley
Leroni of Darkover	author	edited by Marion Zimmer Bradley
Heartland	author	Daren Shiau
Marion Zimmer Bradley's Darkover	author	Marion Zimmer Bradley
Towers of Darkover	author	edited by Marion Zimmer Bradley
The Circus Surprise	author	Ralph Fletcher
A Suspension of Mercy	author	Patricia Highsmith
The Tremor of Forgery	author	Patricia Highsmith
A Dog's Ransom	author	Patricia Highsmith
Edith's Diary	author	Patricia Highsmith
Twilight Comes Twice	author	Ralph Fletcher
Time to Say Hello	author	Katherine Jenkins
Tales of Three Planets	author	Edgar Rice Burroughs
Nietzsche and Philosophy	author	Gilles Deleuze
The Same Stuff as Stars	author	Katherine Paterson
Hollywood Undercover	author	Ian Halperin
William's Crowded Hours	author	Richmal Crompton
William the Outlaw	author	Richmal Crompton
Still William	author	Richmal Crompton
William and The Brains Trust	author	Richmal Crompton
William Carries On	author	Richmal Crompton
Snows of Darkover	author	edited by Marion Zimmer Bradley
Murder and Magic	author	Randall Garrett
Lord Darcy Investigates	author	Randall Garrett
Caine Black Knife	author	Matthew Stover
Hard Rock Miner's Handbook	author	Jack de la Vergne
Rookies	author	Masanori Morita
The Clay Marble	author	Minfong Ho
Man in the Dark	author	Paul Auster
The Lucky One	author	Nicholas Sparks
Sea of Poppies	author	Amitav Ghosh
Fool	author	Christopher Moore
Escape to the Hills	author	James Chapman
Escape to the Hills	author	Silliman University
RAPTOR	author	
A Purple Place for Dying	author	John D. MacDonald
The Quick Red Fox	author	John D. MacDonald
Their Dogs Came with Them	author	Helena Maria Viramontes
Captain Nemo: The Fantastic History of a Dark Genius	author	Kevin J. Anderson
Yaprak Dökümü	author	Reşat Nuri Güntekin
The Children's Bach	author	Helen Garner
A Walk to Remember	author	Nicholas Sparks
The Shadow Speaker	author	Nnedi Okorafor
A Deadly Shade of Gold	author	John D. MacDonald
Bright Orange for the Shroud	author	John D. MacDonald
Nights in Rodanthe	author	Nicholas Sparks
Tales of Magic and Mystery	author	Ruth Manning-Sanders
Darker than Amber	author	John D. MacDonald
Miss Machiko	author	Takeshi Ebihara
The Great Ghost Rescue	author	Eva Ibbotson
Storm Catchers	author	Tim Bowler
Tsurupika Hagemaru	author	Shinbo Nomura
One Fearful Yellow Eye	author	John D. MacDonald
Pale Gray for Guilt	author	John D. MacDonald
The Mass Psychology of Fascism	author	Wilhelm Reich
Florida's Shipwrecks	author	Michael C. Barnette
The Girl in the Plain Brown Wrapper	author	John D. MacDonald
Dress Her in Indigo	author	John D. MacDonald
Loving Frank	author	Nancy Horan
The Long Lavender Look	author	John D. MacDonald
The Elegance of the Hedgehog	author	Muriel Barbery
Between the Assassinations	author	Aravind Adiga
Come Clean	author	Terri Paddock
Plotting Hitler's Death	author	Joachim Fest
Limited Lovers	author	Keiko Yamada
Feludar Goendagiri	author	Satyajit Ray
Blue Moon Rising	author	Simon R Green
Back	author	Henry Green
The Sable Quean	author	Brian Jacques
Icarus at the Edge of Time	author	Brian Greene
List of Recent Holarctic Bird Species	author	Karel H. Voous
The Choice	author	Eliyahu M. Goldratt
The Best War Ever	author	Michael C. C. Adams
Cathedral of the Sea	author	Ildefonso Falcones
Novelas ejemplares	author	Miguel de Cervantes
Rise and Resurrection of the American Programmer	author	Edward Yourdon
One Outs	author	Shinobu Kaitani
Modern Magic Made Simple	author	Hiroshi Sakurazaka
Modern Magic Made Simple	author	Hiroshi Sakurazaka
Blacker's Art of Fly Making	author	William Blacker
Wonderland	author	Joyce Carol Oates
The Lady of the Shroud	author	Bram Stoker
Not Without My Sister	author	Juliana Buhring, Celeste Jones, Kristina Jones
The Scandal of Empire	author	Nicholas Dirks
Iron City	author	Lloyd L. Brown
Jango	author	Daniel Kaufman, Chris Dowhan, Mattias Stanghed, Johan Sandstrom, Josh Engroff, Matt Knox, Steve Eddy
The Zoya Factor	author	Anuja Chauhan
The Unforgiving Wind	author	John Harris
The Aesthetic Dimension	author	Herbert Marcuse
The Man-Eater	author	Edgar Rice Burroughs
A Tan and Sandy Silence	author	John D. MacDonald
The Scarlet Ruse	author	John D. MacDonald
The Turquoise Lament	author	John D. MacDonald
The Dreadful Lemon Sky	author	John D. MacDonald
The Empty Copper Sea	author	John D. MacDonald
Free Fall in Crimson	author	John D. MacDonald
The Test	author	Mary Tappan Wright
The Shadow Factory	author	James Bamford
Cinnamon Skin	author	John D. MacDonald
K	author	Kylie Minogue
K	author	William Baker
Burning Valley	author	Phillip Bonosky
The Magic Fern	author	Phillip Bonosky
The Last Olympian	author	Rick Riordan
The Imposter	author	Nathanael West
The Wicked Witch of Oz	author	Rachel Cosgrove Payes
A Kentucky Cardinal	author	James Lane Allen
The Rundelstone of Oz	author	Eloise Jarvis McGraw
Letters from a Father to His Daughter	author	Jawaharlal Nehru
Omega: The Last Days of the World	author	Camille Flammarion
Wittgenstein's Nephew	author	Thomas Bernhard
The Sleeping Mountain	author	John Harris
The Lonely Voyage	author	John Harris
Blood on the Forge	author	William Attaway
The Valley of Decision	author	Marcia Davenport
Frost	author	Thomas Bernhard
When We Get There	author	Shauna Seliy
Correction	author	Thomas Bernhard
The Forest and the Fort	author	Hervey Allen
Azerbaijani Soviet Encyclopedia	author	Rasul Rza, Jemil Kuliyev
The Iron Woman	author	Margaret Deland
Government.no	author	Government of Norway
Clouded Hills	author	Elizabeth Moorhead
Something Rotten	author	Alan Gratz
Blessed Unrest	author	Paul Hawken
World Tales	author	Idries Shah
Penelope and the Humongous Burp	author	Sheri Radford
Alternate Presidents	author	Mike Resnick
Sidney	author	Margaret Deland
Philip and His Wife	author	Margaret Deland
The Copper Beech	author	Maeve Binchy
Mōryō no Hako	author	Natsuhiko Kyogoku
Mōryō no Hako	author	Aki Shimizu
The Blood Confession	author	Alisa M. Libby
Paradox in Oz	author	Edward Einhorn
Brainwashing: The Science of Thought Control	author	Kathleen Taylor
A Fish Out Of Water	author	Helen Palmer Geisel
The Red One	author	Jack London
Policeman Bluejay	author	L. Frank Baum
Resistance: The Gathering Storm	author	William C. Dietz
Longitude	author	Dava Sobel
Crab Moon	author	Ruth Horowitz
The Loser	author	Thomas Bernhard
The Astonishing Life of Octavian Nothing, Traitor to the Nation, Volume II: The Kingdom on the Waves	author	M. T. Anderson
Shadow Wave	author	Robert Muchamore
The Myth of Male Power	author	Warren Farrell
Couldn't Keep It to Myself	author	Wally Lamb
Couldn't Keep It to Myself	author	Nancy Whiteley
Couldn't Keep It to Myself	author	Carolyn Ann Adams
Couldn't Keep It to Myself	author	Tabatha Rowley
Couldn't Keep It to Myself	author	Nancy Birkla
Couldn't Keep It to Myself	author	Brenda Medina
Couldn't Keep It to Myself	author	Robin Cullen
Couldn't Keep It to Myself	author	Bonnie Foreshaw
Couldn't Keep It to Myself	author	Barbara Parsons Lane
Couldn't Keep It to Myself	author	Michelle Jessamy
Couldn't Keep It to Myself	author	Diane Bartholomew
Couldn't Keep It to Myself	author	Dale Griffith
The Believers	author	Zoë Heller
Ole Doc Methuselah	author	L. Ron Hubbard
Maramar Deuta	author	Bhabendra Nath Saikia
Minimanual of the Urban Guerrilla	author	Carlos Marighella
A Case of Exploding Mangoes	author	Mohammed Hanif
Counterrevolution and Revolt	author	Herbert Marcuse
Fire and Fame	author	Joerg Deisinger
Fire and Fame	author	Carl Begai
The Giant Garden of Oz	author	Eric Shanower
The Philosopher's Pupil	author	Iris Murdoch
Where There Is No Doctor	author	David Werner
Where There Is No Doctor	author	Carol Thuman
Where There Is No Doctor	author	Jane Maxwell
Woodcutters	author	Thomas Bernhard
A Tale of Love and Darkness	author	Amos Oz
The Lime Works	author	Thomas Bernhard
The Duchess of Windsor	author	Diana Mosley
Castle Storm	author	Garry Kilworth
The Rising Tide	author	Margaret Deland
The Awakening of Helena Richie	author	Margaret Deland
Gargoyles	author	Thomas Bernhard
Extinction	author	Thomas Bernhard
Elegy for Sam Emerson	author	Hilary Masters
Isaac Asimov's Robot City: Perihelion	author	William F. Wu
Isaac Asimov's Robot City: Refuge	author	Rob Chilson
Isaac Asimov's Robot City: Prodigy	author	Arthur Byron Cover
Isaac Asimov's Robot City: Cyborg	author	William F. Wu
Isaac Asimov's Robot City: Suspicion	author	Mike McQuay
Isaac Asimov's Robot City: Odyssey	author	Michael P. Kube-McDowell
On the Mountain	author	Thomas Bernhard
The Ant and the Elephant	author	Bill Peet
Harry, A History	author	Melissa Anelli
Handling the Undead	author	John Ajvide Lindqvist
Taken	author	Kathleen George
The Crimson Labyrinth	author	Yusuke Kishi
Yes	author	Thomas Bernhard
The Mardi Gras Mystery	author	Carolyn Keene
Grave Descend	author	Michael Crichton
Drug of Choice	author	Michael Crichton
Dealing: or the Berkeley-to-Boston Forty-Brick Lost-Bag Blues	author	Michael Crichton
Jasper Johns	author	Michael Crichton
Fallen	author	Kathleen George
Five on Kirrin Island Again	author	Enid Blyton
Five Go Off to Camp	author	Enid Blyton
Five Get into Trouble	author	Enid Blyton
Five Fall into Adventure	author	Enid Blyton
Five on a Hike Together	author	Enid Blyton
Five Have Plenty of Fun	author	Enid Blyton
Five on a Secret Trail	author	Enid Blyton
Five Go to Billycock Hill	author	Enid Blyton
Five on Finniston Farm	author	Enid Blyton
Five Go to Demon's Rocks	author	Enid Blyton
Five Have a Mystery to Solve	author	Enid Blyton
Not Meant to Be	author	Kara DioGuardi
Not Meant to Be	author	Theory of a Deadman
Not Meant to Be	author	Tyler Connolly
Not Meant to Be	author	Dean Back
Not Meant to Be	author	Dave Brenner
Apple Writer	author	Paul Lutus
Fat Chance	author	Lesléa Newman
The Bumblebee Flies Anyway	author	Robert Cormier
Afterimage	author	Kathleen George
Nui!	author	Natsumi Mukai
The Gypsies	author	Alexander Pushkin
In the Middle of the Night	author	Robert Cormier
The Hunger Games	author	Suzanne Collins
Affluenza: When Too Much is Never Enough	author	Clive Hamilton
Affluenza: When Too Much is Never Enough	author	Richard Denniss
White Like Me	author	Tim Wise
Farces et moralités	author	Octave Mirbeau
Take Me Where the Good Times Are	author	Robert Cormier
The Fall-Down Artist	author	Thomas Lipinski
A Picture of Her Tombstone	author	Thomas Lipinski
Steel City Confessions	author	Thomas Lipinski
The Cheyenne Indians: Their History and Lifeways	author	George Bird Grinnell
Extrasolar Planets Encyclopaedia	author	Jean Schneider
Taishō Baseball Girls	author	Shimpei Itoh
Death in the Steel City	author	Thomas Lipinski
The Bugis	author	Christian Pelras
Please Plant This Book	author	Richard Brautigan
The Hidden Prince of Oz	author	Gina Wickwar
Feedalizr	author	mih-swat
Swallowing Darkness	author	Laurell K. Hamilton
Pyjs	author	James Tauber, Google
Skin: Talking About Sex, Class & Literature	author	Dorothy Allison
Detour for Emmy	author	Marilyn Reynolds
Sainsbury's Online	author	Sainsbury's
Panda Bear, Panda Bear, What Do You See%3F	author	Bill Martin, Jr.
Black Cocktail	author	Jonathan Carroll
India's Ancient Past	author	Ram Sharan Sharma
Indian Feudalism	author	Ram Sharan Sharma
State by State	author	Matt Weiland and Sean Wilsey, eds.
Non-Nuclear Futures	author	Amory Lovins
Non-Nuclear Futures	author	John H. Price
The Reef	author	Edith Wharton
Kurozuka	author	Baku Yumemakura
Darkhouse	author	Alex Barclay
Anarchy Alive!	author	Uri Gordon
Disquiet Heart	author	Randall Silvis
One for Sorrow	author	Christopher Barzak
Call Me Ted	author	Ted Turner
Through Black Spruce	author	Joseph Boyden
The Ballad of Matthew's Begats	author	Andrew Peterson
The Forbidden Fountain of Oz	author	Eloise Jarvis McGraw and Lauren Lynn McGraw
A House is Built	author	M. Barnard Eldershaw
Return of the Brute	author	Liam O'Flaherty
Science and Religion: Some Historical Perspectives	author	John Hedley Brooke
BASIC Computer Games	author	David H. Ahl
The Story Bible	author	Pearl S. Buck
Krondor: The Betrayal	author	Raymond E. Feist
Stover at Yale	author	Owen Johnson
The Via Veneto Papers	author	Ennio Flaiano
Star Trek Spaceflight Chronology	author	Stan Goldstein
Star Trek Spaceflight Chronology	author	Fred Goldstein
Underdark	author	Bruce R. Cordell, Gwendolyn F. M. Kestrel, Jeff Quick
Autism's False Prophets	author	Paul Offit
The Latimers	author	Henry Christopher McCook
The Delectable Country	author	Leland Baldwin
Archform: Beauty	author	L. E. Modesitt
Sum: Forty Tales from the Afterlives	author	David Eagleman
Two Cities	author	John Edgar Wideman
The Unknown Witches of Oz	author	Dave Hardenbrook
Oreimo	author	Tsukasa Fushimi
Oreimo	author	Tsukasa Fushimi
Reuben	author	John Edgar Wideman
Hiding Place	author	John Edgar Wideman
Sent for You Yesterday	author	John Edgar Wideman
The Case of Jennie Brice	author	Mary Roberts Rinehart
Death of a Cad	author	M. C. Beaton
Agatha Raisin and the Quiche of Death	author	M. C. Beaton
102 Minutes: The Untold Story of the Fight to Survive Inside the Twin Towers	author	Jim Dwyer
102 Minutes: The Untold Story of the Fight to Survive Inside the Twin Towers	author	Kevin Flynn
The Kings of Clonmel	author	John Flanagan
The Ozmapolitan of Oz	author	Dick Martin
Patriarcha	author	Robert Filmer
Team of Rivals	author	Doris Kearns Goodwin
Petals of Blood	author	Ngũgĩ wa Thiong'o
Ahead of the Curve	author	Philip Delves Broughton
Eunoia	author	Christian Bök
The Frog Princess	author	E. D. Baker
Fleeting Rome	author	Carlo Levi
The King's Orchard	author	Agnes Sligh Turnbull
Remember the End	author	Agnes Sligh Turnbull
Murder in Amityville	author	Hans Holzer
The Day Must Dawn	author	Agnes Sligh Turnbull
The Rolling Years	author	Agnes Sligh Turnbull
The Gown of Glory	author	Agnes Sligh Turnbull
The Nightingale	author	Agnes Sligh Turnbull
The Richlands	author	Agnes Sligh Turnbull
Outliers	author	Malcolm Gladwell
Black Fury	author	Michael Musmanno
The Mayor of Castro Street	author	Randy Shilts
The Stories of the Sahara	author	Sanmao
Bing Crosby's Last Song	author	Lester Goran
The Paratrooper of Mechanic Avenue	author	Lester Goran
Maria Light	author	Lester Goran
About Us	author	Chester Aaron
The Persistent Image	author	Gladys Schmitt
Venice for Lovers	author	Louis Begley and Anka Muhlstein
Final Curtain	author	Ngaio Marsh
Death at the Bar	author	Ngaio Marsh
The Nursing Home Murder	author	Ngaio Marsh
The Phoenix Unchained	author	Mercedes Lackey and James Mallory
Religion within the Bounds of Bare Reason	author	Immanuel Kant
Field Notes from a Catastrophe	author	Elizabeth Kolbert
Father Goose: His Book	author	L. Frank Baum
Big Coal: The Dirty Secret Behind America's Energy Future	author	Jeff Goodell
The Sword of the Lady	author	S. M. Stirling
The Tempering	author	Gloria Skurzynski
Death of an Outsider	author	M. C. Beaton
Good-bye, Billy Radish	author	Gloria Skurzynski
Mr. Monk Is Miserable	author	Lee Goldberg
Covering: The Hidden Assault on Our Civil Rights	author	Kenji Yoshino
By Night in Chile	author	Roberto Bolaño
Kairo-kō	author	Natsume Sōseki
The Gladiators from Capua	author	Caroline Lawrence
By the Candelabra's Glare	author	L. Frank Baum
The Rocksburg Railroad Murders	author	Carl Kosak
How to Read Donald Duck	author	Ariel Dorfman
How to Read Donald Duck	author	Armand Mattelart
The Pale Criminal	author	Philip Kerr
Tom Playfair	author	Francis J. Finn
The Man Who Liked to Look at Himself	author	Carl Kosak
The Blank Page	author	Carl Kosak
The Hunger and Other Stories	author	Charles Beaumont
Nazi Literature in the Americas	author	Roberto Bolaño
Yonder	author	Charles Beaumont
A Fix Like This	author	Carl Kosak
The Man Who Liked Slow Tomatoes	author	Carl Kosak
Distant Star	author	Roberto Bolaño
Last Evenings on Earth	author	Roberto Bolaño
Father Goose's Year Book	author	L. Frank Baum
The Romantic Dogs	author	Roberto Bolaño
Multiculturalism Without Culture	author	Anne Phillips
The Kingdom of Shadow	author	Richard A. Knaak
L. Frank Baum's Juvenile Speaker	author	L. Frank Baum
Always a Body to Trade	author	Carl Kosak
Upon Some Midnights Clear	author	K.C. Constantine
Joey's Case	author	Carl Kosak
Sunshine Enemies	author	Carl Kosak
The Sign of the Chrysanthemum	author	Katherine Paterson
Bottom Liner Blues	author	Carl Kosak
Of Nightingales That Weep	author	Katherine Paterson
Amityville: The Final Chapter	author	John G. Jones
A Heart So White	author	Javier Marías
Dark Back of Time	author	Javier Marías
Tomorrow in the Battle Think on Me	author	Javier Marías
Written Lives	author	Javier Marías
The Master Puppeteer	author	Katherine Paterson
Your Face Tomorrow Volume 2: Dance and Dream	author	Javier Marías
Rebels of the Heavenly Kingdom	author	Katherine Paterson
Even a Monkey Can Draw Manga	author	Koji Aihara
Even a Monkey Can Draw Manga	author	Kentaro Takekuma
Your Face Tomorrow Volume 1: Fever and Spear	author	Javier Marías
When I Was Mortal	author	Javier Marías
Hello, Harvest Moon	author	Ralph Fletcher
Blackthorn Winter	author	Kathryn Reiss
The Mitfords: Letters Between Six Sisters	author	Charlotte Mosley
The Mitfords: Letters Between Six Sisters	author	Deborah Mitford
The Mitfords: Letters Between Six Sisters	author	Diana Mitford
The Mitfords: Letters Between Six Sisters	author	Jessica Mitford
The Mitfords: Letters Between Six Sisters	author	Nancy Mitford
The Mitfords: Letters Between Six Sisters	author	Unity Mitford
The Mitfords: Letters Between Six Sisters	author	Pamela Mitford
Abomination	author	Robert Swindells
Cranks and Shadows	author	Carl Kosak
Good Sons	author	Carl Kosak
Family Values	author	Carl Kosak
Brushback	author	Carl Kosak
Uchronia: The Alternate History List	author	Robert B. Schmunk and Evelyn C. Leeper
Come Sing, Jimmy Jo	author	Katherine Paterson
Reaction Time	author	Ian Lowe
Why We Suck	author	Denis Leary
How to Argue with an Economist: Reopening Political Debate in Australia	author	Lindy Edwards
Mobile Web Server	author	Robert McCool
Regenesis	author	C. J. Cherryh
Saving Room for Dessert	author	Carl Kosak
Flip-Flop Girl	author	Katherine Paterson
Grievance	author	Carl Kosak
Park's Quest	author	Katherine Paterson
Blood Mud	author	Carl Kosak
There Is No Alternative: Why Margaret Thatcher Matters	author	Claire Berlinski
Vitamin C and the Common Cold	author	Linus Pauling
The Messenger	author	Daniel Silva
The Five Greatest Warriors	author	Matthew Reilly
Three Golden Rivers	author	Olive Price
The Kill Artist	author	Daniel Silva
Amityville: The Horror Returns	author	John G. Jones
Mr. Moto Is So Sorry	author	John P. Marquand
Everyday People	author	Stewart O'Nan
Phantom Dream	author	Natsuki Takaya
Eyo	author	Abidemi Sanusi
The Complex: How the Military Invades Our Everyday Lives	author	Nick Turse
Join the Impact	author	Amy Balliet and Willow Witte
Two-Minute Drill	author	Mike Lupica
Mémoires de deux jeunes mariées	author	Honoré de Balzac
Jip, His Story	author	Katherine Paterson
Preacher's Boy	author	Katherine Paterson
Bread and Roses, Too	author	Katherine Paterson
The City of Love	author	Rimi B. Chatterjee
Greenhorn on the Frontier	author	Ann Finlayson
The Candy Butcher's Farewell	author	Lester Goran
The Stranger in the Snow	author	Lester Goran
Amulet	author	Roberto Bolaño
Sound of the Beast	author	Ian Christe
To Be or Not to Bop	author	Dizzy Gillespie and Al Fraser
The Enchanted Island of Oz	author	Ruth Plumly Thompson
The Last Holiday Concert	author	Andrew Clements
Fair Play	author	Tove Jansson
Wilderness Boy	author	Margery Evernden
Beggars Banquet	author	Ian Rankin
O Desertor das Letras	author	Manuel Inácio da Silva Alvarenga
The Other Side of Truth	author	Beverley Naidoo
Night of Power	author	Spider Robinson
Sim Greene and Tom the Tinker's Men	author	Richard Taylor Wiley
The Paradise Bargain	author	Betina Krahn
Semper Mars	author	William H. Keith, Jr.
Up in the Air	author	Walter Kirn
Long Lost	author	Harlan Coben
Hold Tight	author	Harlan Coben
The Hard Life	author	Flann O'Brien
Rethinking India's Past	author	Ram Sharan Sharma
The Flying Girl	author	L. Frank Baum
The Willows	author	Algernon Blackwood
Arrows in the Dark	author	Tuvia Friling
Mrs. Beautiful	author	Lester Goran
The Amityville Curse	author	Hans Holzer
The Gates of Aulis	author	Gladys Schmitt
Edge Foundation, Inc.	author	John Brockman
Philosophy: The Quest for Truth	author	Louis Pojman
A Bend in the Road	author	Nicholas Sparks
Apocrypha Getter Robot Dash	author	Hideaki Nishikawa
The Last Town on Earth	author	Thomas Mullen
Taklamakan	author	Bruce Sterling
Ahiru no Sora	author	Hinata Takeshi
The Immigrants	author	Howard Fast
Tunes for a Small Harmonica	author	Barbera Wersba
VDPAU	author	Nvidia
Flying Solo	author	Ralph Fletcher
Spider Boy	author	Ralph Fletcher
Home Is the Exile	author	Hilary Masters
La Bourse	author	Honoré de Balzac
Never Sorry	author	Edie Claire
Never Preach Past Noon	author	Edie Claire
Never Kissed Goodnight	author	Edie Claire
Never Tease a Siamese	author	Edie Claire
A Drama in the Air	author	Jules Verne
Caesar's Column	author	Ignatius L. Donnelly
Macaroni Boy	author	Katherine Ayres
Inherent Vice	author	Thomas Pynchon
Fig Pudding	author	Ralph Fletcher
Hollywood vs. America	author	Michael Medved
The Hour of the Star	author	Clarice Lispector
The Daring Twins	author	L. Frank Baum
The World in Winter	author	Samuel Youd
Uncle Daddy	author	Ralph Fletcher
How to Live a Low-Carbon Life	author	Chris Goodall
Elementary Calculus: An Infinitesimal Approach	author	Howard Jerome Keisler
Through the Eye of the Needle	author	William Dean Howells
Tumtum and Nutmeg	author	Emily Bearn
Came Back to Show You I Could Fly	author	Robin Klein
Baifa Monü Zhuan	author	Liang Yusheng
Song of Kali	author	Dan Simmons
The Chief Scouts' Advance Party Report	author	The Boy Scouts Association
Nana Upstairs & Nana Downstairs	author	Tomie dePaola
The Wilderness	author	James McHenry
The Olympian	author	James Oppenheim
Little Wizard Stories of Oz	author	L. Frank Baum
God's Helicopter	author	Lee Gutkind
Phoebe Daring	author	L. Frank Baum
The Missing Piece	author	Shel Silverstein
K.	author	Mary Roberts Rinehart
At the Villa Rose	author	A. E. W. Mason
Animal Fairy Tales	author	L. Frank Baum
Hanappe Bazooka	author	Kazuo Koike
The Meaning of Witchcraft	author	Gerald Gardner
Book of Artifacts	author	David Cook
Lies Across America	author	James Loewen
Another Kind of Monday	author	William E. Coles, Jr.
Compass in the Blood	author	William E. Coles, Jr.
Beaufort	author	Ron Leshem
Moscow Rules	author	Daniel Silva
New Amazonia	author	Elizabeth Burgoyne Corbett
The Deer Hunter	author	E. M. Corder
Joe Magarac and His USA Citizen Papers	author	Irwin Shapiro
The Keep	author	Jennifer Egan
Long Shadows	author	Erin Hunter
Little Things	author	Raymond Carver
Living Other Lives	author	Caroline Leavitt
Jimmy's Stars	author	Mary Ann Rodman
The Great Smith House Hustle	author	Jane Louise Curry
Tommy Trouble and the Magic Marble	author	Ralph Fletcher
Arms and the Covenant	author	Winston Churchill as writer
The Ruins of Undermountain	author	Ed Greenwood
Marshfield Dreams	author	Ralph Fletcher
The Ascent of Money	author	Niall Ferguson
Camera Works	author	Michael North
The Buddha and His Dhamma	author	Bhimrao Ramji Ambedkar
Night Piece	author	Poul Anderson
Royal Exile	author	Fiona McIntosh
The Complete Book of Dwarves	author	Jim Bambra
Cover Up	author	John Feinstein
Tyrant's Blood	author	Fiona McIntosh
Blood and Memory	author	Fiona McIntosh
Poltava	author	Aleksandr Pushkin
Memento Mori	author	Muriel Spark
I Am Wings	author	Ralph Fletcher
In the Eye of the Sun: Mexican Fiestas	author	Winningham, Geoff,introduction by Richard Rodriguez,ForewordJ. M. G. Le Clézio
Night Below	author	Carl Sargent
The Education of Lev Navrozov	author	Lev Navrozov
A Voyage to Terra Australis	author	Matthew Flinders
The Devil's Advocate	author	Morris West
Ordinary Things: Poems from a Walk in Early Spring	author	Ralph Fletcher
Faith In What%3F	author	Richard Krawiec
Look Who It Is!	author	Alan Carr
Lore of the Witch World	author	Andre Norton
Spell of the Witch World	author	Andre Norton
Second Brother	author	David Guy
Football Dreams	author	David Guy
House Work	author	Kristina McGrath
Realtime Interrupt	author	James P. Hogan
Zen Habits	author	Leo Babauta
What I Talk About When I Talk About Running	author	Haruki Murakami
An Iron Rose	author	Peter Temple
There Goes the Neighborhood	author	William Julius Wilson
There Goes the Neighborhood	author	Richard Taub
The Soldier's Return	author	Melvyn Bragg
Dear Zoe	author	Philip Beard
Last Battle of the Icemark	author	Stuart Hill
Lost in the Garden	author	Philip Beard
East Liberty	author	Joseph Bathanti
Scarpetta	author	Patricia Cornwell
Clara Vaughan	author	R. D. Blackmore
Yume No Hon: The Book of Dreams	author	Catherynne M. Valente
Martial Power	author	Rob Heinsoo, Nicolas Logue, David Noonan, Chris Sims
	author	Bono and Bobby Shriver
The Wing of Night	author	Brenda Walker
Three Dog Night	author	Peter Goldsworthy
The Day We Had Hitler Home	author	Rodney Hall
The English Assassin	author	Daniel Silva
The Road to Samarcand	author	Patrick O'Brian
Amazons!	author	edited by  Jessica Amanda Salmonson
The Deer Park	author	Norman Mailer
An Occasional Hell	author	Randall Silvis
Dead Man Falling	author	Randall Silvis
Barbary Shore	author	Norman Mailer
Relatively Speaking: Poems about Family	author	Ralph Fletcher
Advertisements for Myself	author	Norman Mailer
Death of a Gentle Lady	author	M. C. Beaton
How to Break a Terrorist	author	Matthew Alexander
Kate Remembered	author	A. Scott Berg
Miyori no Mori	author	Hideji Oda
Amazons II	author	edited by  Jessica Amanda Salmonson
Daughters of Destiny	author	L. Frank Baum
The Alien Factor	author	Franklin W. Dixon
Born to be Riled	author	Jeremy Clarkson
The Book of Negroes	author	Lawrence Hill
Cross-Country Crime	author	Franklin W. Dixon
K-On!	author	Kakifly
The Man Who Loved Dirty Books	author	David Guy
Answer Before Dark	author	Elizabeth Moorhead
The Forbidden Tree	author	Elizabeth Moorhead
Juggler of Worlds	author	Larry Niven and Edward M. Lerner
Racial Culture: A Critique	author	Richard T. Ford
Annabel	author	L. Frank Baum
The Game	author	Laurie R. King
The Fate of a Crown	author	L. Frank Baum
Buried Alive: The Elements of Love	author	Ralph Fletcher
Juma and the Magic Jinn	author	Joy Anderson
The Christopher Killer	author	Alane Ferguson
Death from the Skies!	author	Philip Plait
Nocturnes	author	Kazuo Ishiguro
The Birthday Present	author	Barbara Vine
Portobello	author	Ruth Rendell
The Girl Who Played with Fire	author	Stieg Larsson
The Chalk Circle Man	author	Fred Vargas
Attack of the Mutant Underwear	author	Tom Birdseye
The Submerged Cathedral	author	Charlotte Wood
Acting Out	author	Bernard Stiegler
On Ayn Rand	author	Allan Gotthelf
White-Washing Race	author	Michael K.Brown, Martin Carnoy, Elliott Currie, Troy Duster, David Oppenheimer, Majorie M. Shultz, and David Wellman
Best of Enemies	author	*
Best of Enemies	author	Nancy Drew
Best of Enemies	author	Hardy Boys
Individualism and Economic Order	author	Friedrich Hayek
The Paradise of Bachelors and the Tartarus of Maids	author	Herman Melville
Have You Been to the Beach Lately%3F	author	Ralph Fletcher
A Writing Kind of Day	author	Ralph Fletcher
Swords Against Darkness II	author	edited by Andrew J. Offutt
Heroic Fantasy	author	edited by Gerald W. Page and Hank Reinhardt
Conversations avec J. M. G. Le Clézio	author	J. M. G. Le Clézio
Haï	author	J. M. G. Le Clézio
Mydriase	author	J. M. G. Le Clézio
L'Inconnu sur la Terre	author	J. M. G. Le Clézio
Trois Villes saintes	author	J. M. G. Le Clézio
Dans la maison d'Edith	author	J. M. G. Le Clézio
Ailleurs	author	J. M. G. Le Clézio
Enfances	author	J. M. G. Le Clézio
Enfances	author	Brigitte Fossey
Enfances	author	Christophe Kuhn
Sur Lautréamont	author	Maurice Blanchot
Sur Lautréamont	author	Julien Gracq
Sur Lautréamont	author	J. M. G. Le Clézio
L'Extase matérielle	author	J. M. G. Le Clézio
Une lettre de J. M. G. Le Clézio	author	J. M. G. Le Clézio
Ballaciner	author	J. M. G. Le Clézio,Gilles Jacob
Freedom to Dream and Freedom to Speak	author	J. M. G. Le Clézio
On Reading as True Travel	author	J. M. G. Le Clézio
The Minds of Marginalized Black Men	author	Alford A. Young Jr.
Moving Day	author	Ralph Fletcher
Just Call Me Stupid	author	Tom Birdseye
Carry Me Across the Water	author	Ethan Canin
Fixing Global Finance	author	Martin Wolf
Unequal Childhoods	author	Annette Lareau
The Other Side of the Rainbow	author	Máire Brennan with Angela Little
Ireland: Landscapes of God's Peace	author	Máire Brennan
Moments in a Lifetime	author	Barbara Bennett with Noel Duggan
Monkey Grip	author	Helen Garner
Swords Against Darkness	author	edited by Andrew J. Offutt
Swords Against Darkness III	author	edited by Andrew J. Offutt
Swords Against Darkness IV	author	edited by Andrew J. Offutt
Swords Against Darkness V	author	edited by Andrew J. Offutt
Hawksmoor	author	Peter Ackroyd
Tamsin	author	Peter S. Beagle
Fludd	author	Hilary Mantel
The Rozabal Line	author	Ashwin Sanghi
The Sacred Balance	author	David Suzuki
The Sacred Balance	author	Amanda McConnell
Remix	author	Lawrence Lessig
It's a Matter of Survival	author	Anita Gordon, David Suzuki
Madness	author	Kairi Shimotsuki
Mastering Perl	author	Brian d foy
The Diothas	author	John Macnie
The Soldiers of Halla	author	D.J. MacHale
The Holy War	author	John Bunyan
The Room	author	Hubert Selby, Jr.
The Diagnosis of Love	author	Maggie Leffler
The Snow Queen	author	Mercedes Lackey
The Strange Case of Mr Pelham	author	Anthony Armstrong
The Tyranny of the Market	author	Joel Waldfogel
They Call Me Carpenter	author	Upton Sinclair
The Race of the Tiger	author	Alexander Cordell
Walking Trees	author	Ralph Fletcher
B.O.D.Y.	author	Ao Mimori
Dynasty of Death	author	Taylor Caldwell
The Green Collar Economy	author	Van Jones
Le Dernier Verre	author	Olivier Ameisen
Idesktop.tv	author	Dimitar Kunchev
The Coldest Winter: America and the Korean War	author	David Halberstam
After the War	author	Carol Matas
Froudacity	author	John Jacob Thomas
The History of British India	author	James Mill
Circuit no Ōkami	author	Satoshi Ikezawa
The Race Card: Campaign Strategy, Implicit Messages, and the Norm of Equality	author	Tali Mendelberg
Forgotten Realms Adventures	author	Jeff Grubb and Ed Greenwood
Taking Pictures	author	Anne Enright
In Sunlight, In a Beautiful Garden	author	Kathleen Cambor
The Book of Mercy	author	Kathleen Cambor
I Had Seen Castles	author	Cynthia Rylant
Lost in the Barrens	author	Farley Mowat
The Cruiser	author	Warren Tute
Great Contemporaries	author	Winston Churchill
Vassalord	author	Nanae Chrono
Pineapple Army	author	Kazuya Kudo
One Day of Life	author	Manlio Argueta
Holy Deadlock	author	A. P. Herbert
Infinity and the Mind	author	Rudy Rucker
Alamat ng Gubat	author	Bob Ong
Wildwood Dancing	author	Juliet Marillier
Linda McCartney's Sixties	author	Linda McCartney
Heart and Soul	author	Maeve Binchy
Race Rebels: Culture, Politics, and the Black Working Class	author	Robin D. G. Kelley
The Trial of Martin Ross	author	Alfred Kern
Betrayers of the Truth	author	William Broad
Betrayers of the Truth	author	Nicholas Wade
Is the Holocaust Unique%3F	author	Alan S. Rosenbaum
A Glimpse of Hell	author	Charles Thompson II
No More Dead Dogs	author	Gordon Korman
The Star	author	H. G. Wells
On the Road to Kandahar	author	Jason Burke
Every Day is Mother's Day	author	Hilary Mantel
The Words	author	Jean-Paul Sartre
Made in U.S.A.	author	Alfred Kern
The Insider	author	Yulia Latynina
The Scent of the Roses	author	Aleen Leslie
Speaking of Jane Roberts	author	Susan M. Watkins
Coonardoo	author	Katharine Susannah Prichard
Hunter's Run	author	George R. R. Martin, Gardner Dozois and Daniel Abraham
Wishful Drinking	author	Carrie Fisher
Wishful Drinking	author	Joshua Ravetch
The Deceivers	author	Robert Aiello
Shadow in the Mirror	author	Robert Aiello
The Desperate Hours	author	Robert Aiello
Slow Water	author	Annamarie Jagose
The Idea of Perfection	author	Kate Grenville
A Little Girl in Old Pittsburg	author	Amanda Minnie Douglas
Thine Is the Glory	author	Samuel A. Schreiner, Jr.
Steel	author	Michael Kolb
Suicide Hill	author	James Ellroy
Steel Rose	author	Kara Dalkey
Planine	author	Petar Zoranić
Your Eyelids Are Growing Heavy	author	Barbara Paul
The Fruits of Fascism	author	Simon Reich
Beyond Thirty and The Man-Eater	author	Edgar Rice Burroughs
Google Chart API	author	Google
Out on a Limb	author	Shirley MacLaine
1969: The Year Everything Changed	author	Rob Kirkpatrick
Power, Profit and Protest	author	Verity Burgmann
Drift and Mastery	author	Walter Lippmann
Human Crossing	author	Masao Yajima
Sub-Coelum	author	Addison Peale Russell
The Pursuit of Laughter	author	Diana Mitford
The Pursuit of Laughter	author	Martin Rynja
Vertigo	author	W. G. Sebald
When a Crocodile Eats the Sun	author	Peter Godwin
Flesh-Colored Horror	author	Junji Ito
You'll Never Eat Lunch in This Town Again	author	Julia Phillips
WebConfig	author	ClarkConnect
The Bulwark	author	Theodore Dreiser
A dos vientos. Criticas y semblanzas	author	Ramon Domènec Perés i Perés
The Book of Lies	author	Brad Meltzer
Feathers	author	Jacqueline Woodson
Educating Eve	author	Geoffrey Sampson
Benevolent Assimilation	author	Stuart Creighton Miller
Bhuswargo Bhayankar	author	Satyajit Ray
Chicks in Chainmail	author	edited by  Esther M. Friesner
Magical Thinking	author	Augusten Burroughs
Lords of Darkness	author	Ed Greenwood, with Deborah Christian, Michael Stackpole, Paul Jaquays, Steve Perrin, Vince Garcia, and Jean Rabe
Lords of Darkness	author	Jason Carl and Sean K. Reynolds
Sometimes a Little Brain Damage Can Help	author	George Carlin
Did You Say Chicks%3F!	author	edited by  Esther M. Friesner
Chicks 'n Chained Males	author	edited by  Esther M. Friesner, Martin H. Greenberg
The Chick is in the Mail	author	edited by  Esther M. Friesner, Martin H. Greenberg
Turn the Other Chick	author	edited by  Esther M. Friesner
Yuria 100 Shiki	author	Shigemitsu Harada
Chop Shop	author	Tim Downs
The 13th Reality	author	James Dashner
The 13th Reality	author	James Dashner
The Cambridge History of Ancient China	author	Michael Loewe and Edward L. Shaughnessy
Shinobi Life	author	Shoko Konami
The House that Ate the Hamptons	author	James Brady
IT Fusion	author	Peter Hinssen
La Ronde et autres faits divers	author	J. M. G. Le Clézio
Le Livre des fuites	author	J. M. G. Le Clézio
The Philosophical Discourse of Modernity	author	Jürgen Habermas
Goldsborough	author	Stefan Heym
Blood Promise	author	Richelle Mead
The Human Drift	author	King Camp Gillette
The Nether World	author	George Gissing
The Gunslinger	author	Stephen King
The Oracle and the Mountains	author	Stephen King
The Gunslinger and the Dark Man	author	Stephen King
The Slow Mutants	author	Stephen King
Tamburlaine Must Die	author	Louise Welsh
Breaking Dawn	author	Stephenie Meyer
Barack Obama: Der schwarze Kennedy	author	Christoph von Marschall
Kelidar	author	Mahmoud Dowlatabadi
Rouge	author	Helen Bandis
Rouge	author	Adrian Martin
Rouge	author	Grant McDonald
Bless You Boys	author	Sparky Anderson with Dan Ewald
The Bridge to Nowhere	author	Megan McDonald
The Wild Girls	author	Pat Murphy
Redemption Song	author	Niall Stanage
The Mysterious Edge of the Heroic World	author	E. L. Konigsburg
Sam Steele's Adventures on Land and Sea	author	L. Frank Baum
Baby	author	Kirsten Thorup
Pride	author	Yukari Ichijo
We Murder Stella	author	Marlen Haushofer
The Year of the Angry Rabbit	author	Russell Braddon
Coral Gardens	author	Leni Riefenstahl
The People of Kau	author	Leni Riefenstahl
The Last of the Nuba	author	Leni Riefenstahl
Handles	author	Jan Mark
Fifty Classic Climbs of North America	author	Steve Roper
Fifty Classic Climbs of North America	author	Allen Steck
Le Jour où Beaumont fit connaissance avec sa douleur	author	J. M. G. Le Clézio
Voyages de l'autre côté	author	J. M. G. Le Clézio
La Guerre	author	J. M. G. Le Clézio
Le Chercheur d'or	author	J. M. G. Le Clézio
Wandering Star	author	J. M. G. Le Clézio
La Quarantaine	author	J. M. G. Le Clézio
Poisson d'or	author	J. M. G. Le Clézio
Ourania	author	J. M. G. Le Clézio
Hasard suivi de Angoli Mala	author	J. M. G. Le Clézio
Révolutions	author	J. M. G. Le Clézio
Fantômes dans la rue	author	J. M. G. Le Clézio
Ritournelle de la faim	author	J. M. G. Le Clézio
Getting Near to Baby	author	Audrey Couloumbis
Pawana	author	J. M. G. Le Clézio
Pawana	author	Bruno Doucey
Vanishing Africa	author	Leni Riefenstahl
Les Géants	author	J. M. G. Le Clézio
Mondo and Other Stories	author	J. M. G. Le Clézio
Get Rich Slowly	author	J.D. Roth
The Million Pound Bank Note	author	Mark Twain
The Promise: God's Purpose and Plan for When Life Hurts	author	Jonathan Morris
Along for the Ride	author	Sarah Dessen
Tractatus de Intellectus Emendatione	author	Baruch Spinoza
Jeremy Clarkson on Ferrari	author	Jeremy Clarkson
Near to the Wild Heart	author	Clarice Lispector
Graphic Storytelling and Visual Narrative	author	Will Eisner
Printemps et autres saisons	author	J. M. G. Le Clézio
La Fête chantée et autres essais de thème amérindien	author	J. M. G. Le Clézio
Cœur brûle et autres romances	author	J. M. G. Le Clézio
Tabataba suivi de pawana	author	J. M. G. Le Clézio \
Voyage au pays des arbres	author	J. M. G. Le Clézio
Villa Aurore	author	J. M. G. Le Clézio
Canaan	author	Type-Moon
Canaan	author	Chunsoft
The Redeemer	author	Jo Nesbø
The Width of Waters	author	Alfred Kern
Writers on Comics Scriptwriting	author	Andrew Kardon and Tom Root
Counting Heads	author	David Marusek
Churchill, Hitler and the Unnecessary War	author	Pat Buchanan
Saving the Appearances: A Study in Idolatry	author	Owen Barfield
High Hopes: The Amityville Murders	author	Gerard Sullivan and Harvey Aronson
Family Guy: Peter Griffin's Guide to the Holidays	author	Danny Smith
Things Could Be Worse	author	Lily Brett
The Wings of Merlin	author	Thomas A. Barron
Pirate Freedom	author	Gene Wolfe
Beyond Oil	author	Kenneth S. Deffeyes
The Secret	author	Rhonda Byrne
The Act of Creation	author	Arthur Koestler
The Boy in the Dress	author	David Walliams
Global Spin	author	Sharon Beder
Aller Retour New York	author	Henry Miller
Year's Best SF 13	author	Edited by David G. Hartwell and Kathryn Cramer
Aunt Jane's Nieces Abroad	author	L. Frank Baum
Mudazumo Naki Kaikaku	author	Hideki Ohwada
Quofum	author	Alan Dean Foster
Starring Tracy Beaker	author	Jacqueline Wilson
Angel at the Fence	author	Herman Rosenblat
Curious George	author	Margret Rey
Curious George	author	H. A. Rey
Curious George Takes a Job	author	H. A. Rey
Curious George Takes a Job	author	Margret Rey
The Eye of the Forest	author	Philip Kerr
Curious George Rides a Bike	author	H. A. Rey
Curious George Rides a Bike	author	Margret Rey
Leni Riefenstahl's Memoiren	author	Leni Riefenstahl
Wonder under Water	author	Leni Riefenstahl
Barlowe's Guide to Fantasy	author	Wayne Barlowe
Syren	author	Angie Sage
Bare Bones	author	Kathy Reichs
The Poverty of Historicism	author	Karl Popper
Lost and Found	author	Andrew Clements
Curious George Goes to the Hospital	author	H. A. Rey
Curious George Goes to the Hospital	author	Margret Rey
La Grande Vie	author	J. M. G. Le Clézio
Ten Technologies to Fix Energy and Climate	author	Chris Goodall
VMware Horizon View	author	VMware
Storm from the Shadows	author	David Weber
Aunt Jane's Nieces at Millville	author	L. Frank Baum
Seton's Wild Animals	author	Sanpei Shirato
The White Road	author	Lynn Flewelling
Memorandums taken on a journey from Paris into the southern parts of France and Northern Italy, in the year 1787	author	Thomas Jefferson
Mother Nature Network	author	Joel Babbit & Chuck Leavell
Cashiers du Cinemart	author	Mike White
Hetalia: Axis Powers	author	Hidekaz Himaruya
Dragonwyck	author	Anya Seton
The Plutonium Files	author	Eileen Welsome
The Code of the Harpers	author	Ed Greenwood
Aurora Floyd	author	Mary Elizabeth Braddon
The Serpent and the Rainbow	author	Wade Davis
St. Fidgeta and Other Parodies	author	John Bellairs
The Cost of Discipleship	author	Dietrich Bonhoeffer
Harmonia Macrocosmica	author	Andreas Cellarius
Mr. Maximillian Bacchus and His Travelling Circus	author	Clive Barker
A Crystal Age	author	William Henry Hudson
Sunrise	author	Erin Hunter
Here My Home Once Stood	author	Moyshe Rekhtman, Phil Shpilberg
An Atlas of Fantasy	author	J. B. Post
Statism and Anarchy	author	Mikhail Bakunin
Reptilia	author	Kazuo Umezu
The Chief Designer	author	Andy Duncan
Memorare	author	Gene Wolfe
Dynamic Heroes	author	Go Nagai
Dynamic Heroes	author	Kazuhiro Ochi
The Island of Adventure	author	Enid Blyton
Medical Apartheid	author	Harriet A. Washington
Legacy of Ashes	author	Tim Weiner
Geographical Dictionary of the Kingdom of Poland	author	Filip Sulimierski
The Year of the Flood	author	Margaret Atwood
The Confessor	author	Daniel Silva
The Fringe Dwellers	author	Nene Gare
Making Peace with the Planet	author	Barry Commoner
The Cabin Faced West	author	Jean Fritz
New Writings in SF 22	author	edited by  Kenneth Bulmer
New Writings in SF 1	author	edited by  John Carnell
Rumors: A Luxe Novel	author	Anna Godbersen
Aunt Jane's Nieces in Society	author	L. Frank Baum
Girl Friends	author	Milk Morinaga
Free Food for Millionaires	author	Min Jin Lee
Bro Code	author	Barney Stinson
Bro Code	author	with Matt Kuhn
Kinflicks	author	Lisa Alther
Death with Interruptions	author	José Saramago
The Crossroads	author	Chris Grabenstein
King of the Rattling Spirits	author	Miha Mazzini
Wild Solutions	author	Andrew Beattie, Paul R. Ehrlich
Bat-Manga!: The Secret History of Batman in Japan	author	Jiro Kuwata
The Oversoul Seven Trilogy	author	Jane Roberts
Heart and Soul	author	Liz Rosenberg
Children of Paradise	author	Liz Rosenberg
MyCoke	author	The Coca-Cola Company
A Guide to the Birds of Mexico and Northern Central America	author	Steve N. G. Howell
A Place Called Freedom	author	Ken Follett
El Llano en llamas	author	Juan Rulfo
Aunt Jane's Nieces and Uncle John	author	L. Frank Baum
A.I. Revolution	author	Yuu Asami
The Speech: Race and Barack Obama's %22A More Perfect Union%22	author	T. Denean Sharpley-Whiting
Babylon Babies	author	Maurice G. Dantec
The Ancient Ship	author	Zhang Wei
Six-legged Soldiers	author	Jeffrey A. Lockwood
Vacant Possession	author	Hilary Mantel
The Defector	author	Daniel Silva
Doom 3: Maelstrom	author	Matthew J. Costello
Victims of Yalta	author	Nikolai Tolstoy
Bruno's Dream	author	Iris Murdoch
Die Nigger Die!	author	H. Rap Brown
Aunt Jane's Nieces at Work	author	L. Frank Baum
The Legend of Sigurd and Gudrún	author	J. R. R. Tolkien
Shut Up & Sing: How Elites from Hollywood, Politics, and the UN Are Subverting America	author	Laura Ingraham
Broken Soup	author	Jenny Valentine
A Beautiful Place to Die	author	Malla Nunn
Rules of Engagement	author	Bruce Cook
The Price of Murder	author	Bruce Cook
Zettai Heiwa Daisakusen	author	Akane Ogura
The Groves of Academe	author	Mary McCarthy
Aunt Jane's Nieces in the Red Cross	author	L. Frank Baum
A Person of Interest	author	Susan Choi
The Jukebox Queen of Malta	author	Nicholas Rinaldi
Otaku no Musume-san	author	Stu-Hiro
Ordinary Heroes	author	Stephen Wagner
Ordinary Heroes	author	Sharon Wells Wagner
43 Years with the Same Bird	author	Brian Reade
The Hidden Treasure of Glaston	author	Eleanore M. Jewett
Man Eating Bugs	author	Peter Menzel and  Faith D'Alusio
A Brief History of the Future	author	Jacques Attali
New Writings in SF 2	author	edited by  John Carnell
New Writings in SF 3	author	edited by  John Carnell
Son of Interflux	author	Gordon Korman
New Writings in SF 4	author	edited by  John Carnell
New Writings in SF 5	author	edited by  John Carnell
New Writings in SF 6	author	edited by  John Carnell
The Kine Saga	author	Alan Lloyd
Bad Monkeys	author	Matt Ruff
Side Effects	author	Alison Bass
Zanesville	author	Kris Saknussemm
GNU.FREE	author	Jason Kitcat
My Sister, My Love	author	Joyce Carol Oates
New Writings in SF 7	author	edited by  John Carnell
New Writings in SF 9	author	edited by  John Carnell
New Writings in SF 8	author	edited by  John Carnell
New Writings in SF 11	author	edited by  John Carnell
New Writings in SF 10	author	edited by  John Carnell
New Writings in SF 12	author	edited by  John Carnell
Ultra Cute	author	Nami Akimoto
Autonomy	author	Daniel Blythe
No Coins, Please	author	Gordon Korman
Red Blinds the Foolish	author	Est em
Chroniques du Pays des Mères	author	Élisabeth Vonarburg
Player's Handbook 2	author	Rob Heinsoo
Player's Handbook 2	author	Mike Mearls
Player's Handbook 2	author	Robert J. Schwalb
Frozen Fire	author	Tim Bowler
Professor Unrat	author	Heinrich Mann
Riot	author	William Trautmann
Remember Me%3F	author	Sophie Kinsella
Curtain Up	author	Noel Streatfeild
Harriet Said...	author	Beryl Bainbridge
Microsoft Songsmith	author	Microsoft Research
Love Attack!	author	Shizuru Seino
The Girl Who Leapt Through Space	author	Hajime Yatate
The Girl Who Leapt Through Space	author	Ryō Suzukaze
The Siege of Trencher's Farm	author	Gordon Williams
La Frontera: The New Mestiza	author	Gloria Anzaldúa
Swords Against Tomorrow	author	Robert Hoskins
The Greatest Show on Earth: The Evidence for Evolution	author	Richard Dawkins
Easy Money	author	Jens Lapidus
Le Silence de la Cité	author	Élisabeth Vonarburg
Colossus and the Crab	author	Dennis Feltham Jones
We Couldn't Leave Dinah	author	Mary Treadgold
Chronic City	author	Jonathan Lethem
Alexandria	author	Lindsey Davis
Ashkharatsuyts	author	Anania Shirakatsi
Trading Faces	author	Julia DeVillers
Trading Faces	author	Jennifer Roy
Saheb Bibi Golam	author	Bimal Mitra
La Question	author	Henri Alleg
Not the End of the World	author	Kate Atkinson
Visitors from London	author	Kitty Barne
Rickshaw Boy	author	Lao She
Ace of Diamond	author	Yuji Terajima
Ace of Diamond	author	Yuji Terajima
One Corpse Too Many	author	Ellis Peters
Homunculus	author	James Blaylock
Swordsmen and Supermen	author	Robert E. Howard and others
An Episode in the Life of a Landscape Painter	author	César Aira
X2x	author	David Chaiken
Liars in Love	author	Richard Yates
The Worry Website	author	Jacqueline Wilson
Ghosts	author	César Aira
How I Became a Nun	author	César Aira
Island	author	Jane Rogers
The Radium Woman	author	Eleanor Doorly
The Secret Magdalene	author	Ki Longfellow
Young West	author	Solomon Schindler
Our World 2.0	author	United Nations University
Otogi Matsuri: Dark Offering	author	Junya Inoue
Switch	author	Saki Otoh
River Boy	author	Tim Bowler
Karmabhoomi	author	Munshi Premchand
From Lowbrow to Nobrow	author	Peter Swirski
Separation of Power	author	Vince Flynn
WinExe	author	Andrej Hajda
The Hacker and the Ants	author	Rudy Rucker
A Certain Ambiguity	author	Gaurav Suri
A Certain Ambiguity	author	Hartosh Singh Bal
The Year of the Hare	author	Arto Paasilinna
House to House	author	David Bellavia and John R. Bruning
Dewey: The Small-Town Library Cat Who Touched the World	author	Vicki Myron
Dewey: The Small-Town Library Cat Who Touched the World	author	Bret Witter
The Women	author	T. C. Boyle
Monster Blood Tattoo: Lamplighter	author	D.M. Cornish
Stephen King Goes to the Movies	author	Stephen King
OOFEM	author	~bp
Literature from the %22Axis of Evil%22	author	various
The Parable of the Blind	author	Gert Hofmann
When Giants Walked the Earth	author	Mick Wall
Walkups	author	Lance Blomgren
07 Seconds or Less	author	Jack McCallum
GAA Confidential	author	Darragh McManus
The Great Wheel	author	Robert Lawson
GA Geijutsuka Art Design Class	author	Satoko Kiyuzuki
No One Thinks of Greenland	author	John Griesemer
Alcatraz Versus the Scrivener's Bones	author	Brandon Sanderson
The White Tiger	author	Robert Stuart Nathan
Hell's Horizon	author	Darren Shan
Israel's Secret Wars	author	Ian Black and Benny Morris
O Presidente Negro	author	Monteiro Lobato
Tarot ReVisioned	author	Leigh McCloskey
Paint It Black	author	Janet Fitch
Valkyria	author	Sega
Fifth Planet	author	Fred Hoyle and Geoffrey Hoyle
Ossian's Ride	author	Sir Fred Hoyle
Do Hard Things	author	Alex and Brett Harris
The War Between the Tates	author	Alison Lurie
The Lost World	author	Michael Crichton
Trick or Treatment	author	Simon Singh
Trick or Treatment	author	Edzard Ernst
Code to Zero	author	Ken Follett
The Black Robe	author	Wilkie Collins
The Taking of Chelsea 426	author	David Llewellyn
Innocent: Her Fancy and His Fact	author	Marie Corelli
Gaku: Minna no Yama	author	Shin'ichi Ishizuka
Five past Midnight in Bhopal	author	Dominique Lapierre and Javier Moro
Philosophy of Existence	author	Karl Jaspers
Black Bird	author	Kanoko Sakurakoji
Kanon	author	Chiho Saito
The Mystery of Banking	author	Murray N. Rothbard
Wired for War	author	P. W. Singer
There's a Girl in My Hammerlock	author	Jerry Spinelli
Dead Man's Ransom	author	Ellis Peters
Haguregumo	author	George Akiyama
Dead Until Dark	author	Charlaine Harris
Heaven's Lost Property	author	Suu Minazuki
Kemono no Sōja	author	Nahoko Uehashi
Poe no Ichizoku	author	Moto Hagio
Dame Oyaji	author	Mitsutoshi Furuya
Notari Matsutarō	author	Tetsuya Chiba
The Lost City of Z	author	David Grann
The Accidental Time Machine	author	Joe Haldeman
Two Hundred Years Together	author	Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn
Dark Fire	author	Chris d'Lacey
The Lazarus Project	author	Aleksandar Hemon
Prayers for Bobby: A Mother's Coming to Terms with the Suicide of Her Gay Son	author	Leroy F. Aarons
Kirinyaga	author	Mike Resnick
Hidamari no Ki	author	Osamu Tezuka
Chalice	author	Robin McKinley
A Place of My Own	author	Michael Pollan
Nostalgia	author	Mircea Cărtărescu
Poor Miss Finch	author	Wilkie Collins
The Alchemy of Desire	author	Tarun Tejpal
Jarinko Chie	author	Etsumi Haruki
Skagboys	author	Irvine Welsh
Kisshō Tennyo	author	Akimi Yoshida
Musashi no Ken	author	Motoka Murakami
Galactic Odyssey	author	Keith Laumer
The Last Decathlon	author	John Redgate
Paula Spencer	author	Roddy Doyle
Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon	author	David Michaels
De Nieuwe en Onbekende Weereld	author	Arnoldus Montanus
Panku Ponk	author	Haruko Tachiiri
Purple Eyes in the Dark	author	Chie Shinohara
Fork Me, Spoon Me	author	Amy Reiley
Datang Youxia Zhuan	author	Liang Yusheng
The Touch	author	Colleen McCullough
The Politics of Reality	author	Marilyn Frye
The Drunken Forest	author	Gerald Durrell
The Horror of the Heights	author	Arthur Conan Doyle
The Key to Rebecca	author	Ken Follett
A Death in Vienna	author	Daniel Silva
Leaf In A Bitter Wind	author	Ting-Xing Ye
The Yankee Years	author	Tom Verducci and Joe Torre
Foe	author	J. M. Coetzee
Feministing	author	Jessica Valenti, Vanessa Valenti
Moonwalk	author	Michael Jackson
I'm the King of the Castle	author	Susan Hill
The Officers' Ward	author	Marc Dugain
Savvy	author	Ingrid Law
Gossip from the Forest	author	Thomas Keneally
My Life in Dog Years	author	Gary Paulsen
Tuvalu	author	Andrew O'Connor
Darlah	author	Johan Harstad
Reheated Cabbage	author	Irvine Welsh
The Galilee Hitch-Hiker	author	Richard Brautigan
Rome Haul	author	Walter D. Edmonds
Drums Along the Mohawk	author	Walter D. Edmonds
Deeper	author	Roderick Gordon
Deeper	author	Brian Williams
I Miss You, I Miss You!	author	Kinna Gieth
I Miss You, I Miss You!	author	Peter Pohl
Living Dead in Dallas	author	Charlaine Harris
Club Dead	author	Charlaine Harris
The Boy Who Dared	author	Susan Campbell Bartoletti
Boyfriend	author	Fuyumi Soryo
Futari Daka	author	Kaoru Shintani
Konpeki no Kantai	author	Yoshio Aramaki
Dogzilla	author	Dav Pilkey
The Secret Scripture	author	Sebastian Barry
The Ratzinger Report	author	Joseph Ratzinger
Grave Sight	author	Charlaine Harris
For Love & Money	author	Jonathan Raban
The Princess and Curdie	author	George MacDonald
Spindrift	author	Allen Steele
Moving the Mountain	author	Charlotte Perkins Gilman
Freefall	author	Roderick Gordon
Freefall	author	Brian Williams
Stoner	author	John Edward Williams
My Favorite Carrera	author	Kia Asamiya
Thirteenth City	author	Sergey Lukyanenko
The Way of Shadows	author	Brent Weeks
Still I Rise: A Graphic History of African Americans	author	Roland Laird and Taneshia Nash Laird, foreword by Charles R. Johnson
The Last of the Immortals	author	Andrey Livadny
The Winds of Dune	author	Brian Herbert and Kevin J. Anderson
Finding Maubee	author	Albert H. Z. Carr
Headlong	author	Simon Ings
Fresh Pretty Cure!	author	Izumi Todo
Yes Man	author	Danny Wallace
Virtuous Leadership	author	Alexandre Havard
The Church of Scientology	author	J. Gordon Melton
Notebook Found in a Deserted House	author	Robert Bloch
40 Days and 40 Nights	author	Matthew Chapman
Horizon	author	Lois McMaster Bujold
March Upcountry	author	David Weber
March Upcountry	author	John Ringo
Girl Meets Boy	author	Ali Smith
The Pill Versus the Springhill Mine Disaster	author	Richard Brautigan
Crocodile Tears	author	Anthony Horowitz
The Defining Moment	author	Jonathan Alter
Crazy Love: Overwhelmed by a Relentless God	author	Francis Chan
Bad Science	author	Ben Goldacre
Script and Scribble	author	Kitty Burns Florey
Notes from the Midnight Driver	author	Jordan Sonnenblick
Deadly, Unna%3F	author	Phillip Gwynne
The Birthday Party	author	Panos Karnezis
Alphabet of Dreams	author	Susan Fletcher
To Venus in Five Seconds	author	Fred T. Jane
The Pluto Files	author	Neil deGrasse Tyson
Hanada Shōnen Shi	author	Makoto Isshiki
Querelle of Brest	author	Jean Genet
Fences and Windows	author	Naomi Klein
Classical Medley	author	Sanae Kana
A Perfect Day for Love Letters	author	George Asakura
Dance in the Vampire Bund	author	Nozomu Tamaki
The Shangri-La Diet	author	Seth Roberts
My Life as a 10-Year-Old Boy	author	Nancy Cartwright
Granny Was a Buffer Girl	author	Berlie Doherty
Wings of Wrath	author	C. S. Friedman
Madness Under the Royal Palms	author	Laurence Leamer
A Man Lay Dead	author	Ngaio Marsh
Enter a Murderer	author	Ngaio Marsh
Death in Ecstasy	author	Ngaio Marsh
Overture to Death	author	Ngaio Marsh
Artists in Crime	author	Ngaio Marsh
Death in a White Tie	author	Ngaio Marsh
Vintage Murder	author	Ngaio Marsh
Surfeit of Lampreys	author	Ngaio Marsh
Death and the Dancing Footman	author	Ngaio Marsh
Colour Scheme	author	Ngaio Marsh
Swing Brother Swing	author	Ngaio Marsh
Died in the Wool	author	Ngaio Marsh
Opening Night	author	Ngaio Marsh
Spinsters in Jeopardy	author	Ngaio Marsh
Scales of Justice	author	Ngaio Marsh
Singing in the Shrouds	author	Ngaio Marsh
False Scent	author	Ngaio Marsh
Off with His Head	author	Ngaio Marsh
Hand in Glove	author	Ngaio Marsh
Dead Water	author	Ngaio Marsh
Clutch of Constables	author	Ngaio Marsh
Death at the Dolphin	author	Ngaio Marsh
When in Rome	author	Ngaio Marsh
Tied Up in Tinsel	author	Ngaio Marsh
Black as He's Painted	author	Ngaio Marsh
Grave Mistake	author	Ngaio Marsh
Last Ditch	author	Ngaio Marsh
Photo Finish	author	Ngaio Marsh
Light Thickens	author	Ngaio Marsh
Decca: The Letters of Jessica Mitford	author	Jessica Mitford
Decca: The Letters of Jessica Mitford	author	Peter Y. Sussman
Welcome to Hard Times	author	E.L. Doctorow
The Second Great Depression	author	Warren Brussee
The New Paul and Virginia	author	William Hurrell Mallock
Fertilisation of Orchids	author	Charles Darwin
Chindi	author	Jack McDevitt
Powershift	author	Alvin Toffler
Falsifiers of History	author	Soviet Information Bureau
B. Ichi	author	Atsushi Ōkubo
Obama: From Promise to Power	author	David Mendell
The Formation of Vegetable Mould through the Action of Worms	author	Charles Darwin
Resolution	author	Robert B. Parker
The Mandelbaum Gate	author	Muriel Spark
Ur	author	Stephen King
The Calder Game	author	Blue Balliett
A Spirit of the Sun	author	Kaiji Kawaguchi
La Brière	author	Alphonse de Chateaubriant
Gone, But Not Forgotten	author	Phillip Margolin
Smashing Magazine	author	Sven Lennartz and Vitaly Friedman
Chikkun Takkun	author	Shotaro Ishinomori
The Burning Wild Man	author	Tadashi Satō
F	author	Noboru Rokuda
Meltdown	author	Thomas Woods
Woman with Birthmark	author	Håkan Nesser
Moeyo Pen	author	Kazuhiko Shimamoto
Skeletons at the Feast	author	Chris Bohjalian
Sengoku Strays	author	Shingo Nanami
Tasuke, the Samurai Cop	author	Manavu Kashimoto
Keshikasu-kun	author	Noriyuki Murase
Mister Ajikko	author	Daisuke Terasawa
Bengoshi no Kuzu	author	Hideo Iura
The Bandit of Hell's Bend	author	Edgar Rice Burroughs
Piercing	author	Ryu Murakami
Nordy Bank	author	Sheena Porter
Morality	author	Stephen King
Aventura	author	Shin Midorikawa
Silent Thunder: Breaking Through Cultural, Racial, and Class Barriers in Motorsports	author	Leonard W. Miller
Bridge of Clay	author	Markus Zusak
Nuclear Jellyfish	author	Tim Dorsey
Complete Index to World Film	author	Alan Goble
Disappearance Diary	author	Hideo Azuma
Gods Behaving Badly	author	Marie Phillips
Betrayal	author	Lois Tilton
The Whole Story and Other Stories	author	Ali Smith
The Third Millennium: A History of the World AD 2000-3000	author	Brian Stableford and David Langford
Man, the State, and War	author	Kenneth Waltz
Ayana	author	Stephen King
Memoirs of Joseph Grimaldi	author	Edited: Charles Dickens
Naked Came the Phoenix	author	Nevada Barr, Mary Jane Clark, Diana Gabaldon, J. A. Jance, Faye Kellerman, Laurie R. King, Val McDermid, Perri O'Shaughnessy, Anne Perry, Nancy Pickard, J. D. Robb, Lisa Scottoline, and Marcia Talley
Kaze no Hana	author	Akiyoshi Ohta
The Perfect Mile	author	Neal Bascomb
Legends of the Dark King	author	Buronson
Legends of the Dark King	author	Tetsuo Hara
Beneath the Surface	author	Gary Crew
Winter	author	John Marsden
Sonnanja neyo	author	Kaneyoshi Izumi
Creeper	author	Ray Tomlinson
We Think, Therefore We Are	author	Edited by Peter Crowther
The Trouble with Normal	author	Michael Warner
The Return	author	H. Beam Piper
The Return	author	John J. McGuire
The Prophet Murders	author	Mehmet Murat Somer
Star Wars: Darth Bane: Dynasty of Evil	author	Drew Karpyshyn
Yumekui Kenbun	author	Shin Mashiba
The River Why	author	David James Duncan
Bambino!	author	Tetsuji Sekiya
Seikimatsu Leader den Takeshi!	author	Mitsutoshi Shimabukuro
The Tale of the Unknown Island	author	José Saramago
Thou Art That	author	Joseph Campbell
Angelology	author	Danielle Trussoni
Julia	author	Peter Straub
Love and Responsibility	author	Pope John Paul II
The Inner Reaches of Outer Space	author	Joseph Campbell
The Flight of the Wild Gander	author	Joseph Campbell
The Curry Mile	author	Zahid Hussain
Someone Named Eva	author	Joan M. Wolf
Fragile Eternity	author	Melissa Marr
Doors of Chaos	author	Ryoko Mitsuki
Fire Joe Morgan	author	Michael Schur, Alan Yang, Dave King
Majya Jalmachi Chittarkatha	author	Shantabai Kamble
Wen Xuan	author	Xiao Tong, Crown Prince of Liang
Bradley McGogg, the Very Fine Frog	author	Tim Beiser
The Faithful Spy	author	Alex Berenson
The Silent Man	author	Alex Berenson
The Ghost War	author	Alex Berenson
Keiji	author	Tetsuo Hara
Keiji	author	Tetsuo Hara
Keiji	author	Nobuhiko Horie
Elementalors	author	Takeshi Okazaki
Haridama Magic Cram School	author	Atsushi Suzumi
Himitsu – Top Secret	author	Reiko Shimizu
The Two Sisters	author	H. E. Bates
Nine Dragons	author	Michael Connelly
Other People	author	Martin Amis
Our Gods Wear Spandex	author	Christopher Knowles
Global Memory Net	author	Ching-chih Chen
The Golden Age of Science Fiction	author	Kingsley Amis
Hipira	author	Katsuhiro Otomo
The Temple	author	Joyce Carol Oates
Mr. Monk Goes to the Firehouse	author	Lee Goldberg
Kagome Kagome	author	Toshiki Yui
My Life	author	Golda Meir
Psychedelia	author	Jeff Minter, Simon Freeman
Dead to the World	author	Charlaine Harris
Indian Summer	author	Takehito Mizuki
Iron Wok Jan	author	Shinji Saijyo
Junk Force	author	Hideki Kakinuma
Junk Force	author	Hideki Kakinuma
The Changeover	author	Margaret Mahy
The Dressmaker	author	Beryl Bainbridge
Scotland's Story	author	H. E. Marshall
Kyūkyoku Chōjin R	author	Masami Yuuki
Baidu Tieba	author	Robin Li
Gold	author	Dan Rhodes
The Collector Collector	author	Tibor Fischer
Questions of Truth	author	John Polkinghorne
Questions of Truth	author	Beale, Nicholas
The Dead and the Gone	author	Susan Beth Pfeffer
Drood	author	Dan Simmons
Muse of Fire	author	Dan Simmons
Millions	author	Frank Cottrell Boyce
Germs: Biological Weapons and America's Secret War	author	Judith Miller, Stephen Engelberg, William J. Broad
The Clown	author	Heinrich Böll
Luckypenny	author	Bruce Marshall
Vespers in Vienna	author	Bruce Marshall
The Fair Bride	author	Bruce Marshall
The Little Friend	author	Bruce Marshall
The Stooping Venus	author	Bruce Marshall
Terminal World	author	Alastair Reynolds
Father Malachy's Miracle	author	Bruce Marshall
Gimmick!	author	Yōzaburō Kanari
Mothstorm	author	Philip Reeve
Profiles in Folly	author	Alan Axelrod
The Legend of Mother Sarah	author	Katsuhiro Otomo
Liling-Po	author	Ako Yutenji
999	author	Al Sarrantonio
Zend Server	author	Zend Technologies
A Foot in the Grave	author	Bruce Marshall
Girl in May	author	Bruce Marshall
Children of This Earth	author	Bruce Marshall
Urban the Ninth	author	Bruce Marshall
The Divided Lady	author	Bruce Marshall
Father Hilary's Holiday	author	Bruce Marshall
Thoughts of My Cats	author	Bruce Marshall
To Every Man a Penny	author	Bruce Marshall
The Judas Goat	author	Robert B. Parker
Time of Contempt	author	Andrzej Sapkowski
The Spook Who Sat by the Door	author	Sam Greenlee
Contract with the World	author	Jane Rule
All About Lulu	author	Jonathan Evison
The Sport of the Gods	author	Paul Laurence Dunbar
Finacle	author	Infosys
Ninpen Manmaru	author	Mikio Igarashi
Battery	author	Atsuko Asano
Geoff Ryman bibliography	author	Geoff Ryman
When Dogs Cry	author	Markus Zusak
Foreign Land	author	Jonathan Raban
Bold as Love	author	Gwyneth Jones
Mojacko	author	Fujiko F. Fujio
America, Empire of Liberty	author	David Reynolds
Onihime VS	author	Dall-Young Lim
Here I Stand	author	Paul Robeson
Everything Is Miscellaneous	author	David Weinberger
Stack Overflow	author	Joel Spolsky and Jeff Atwood
Unlighted Lamps	author	Sherwood Anderson
All the Colours of Darkness	author	Peter Robinson
The Crocodile	author	Fyodor Dostoyevsky
The World, the Flesh, and Father Smith	author	Bruce Marshall
Jeremy Fink and the Meaning of Life	author	Wendy Mass
Monkey High!	author	Shouko Akira
Monokuro Kinderbook	author	Kan Takahama
Playboy.co.uk	author	Playboy UK
Minima!	author	Machiko Sakurai
The Humbling	author	Philip Roth
Heathen City	author	Alex Vance
Omen	author	Christie Golden
The Stone Giant	author	James Blaylock
Perl Best Practices	author	Damian Conway
The Running Man	author	Michael Gerard Bauer
The Downfall of Capitalism and Communism	author	Ravi Batra
Nemesis	author	Philip Roth
Simon and the Oaks	author	Marianne Fredriksson
The Demigod Files	author	Rick Riordan
Riders	author	Jilly Cooper
Rivals	author	Jilly Cooper
The World Beyond the Hill	author	Alexei Panshin and Cory Panshin
The Caryatids	author	Bruce Sterling
Jokes and Their Relation to the Unconscious	author	Sigmund Freud
Animal Spirits: How Human Psychology Drives the Economy, and Why It Matters for Global Capitalism	author	George Akerlof and Robert Shiller
The Margin	author	André Pieyre de Mandiargues
Grand Guignol Orchestra	author	Kaori Yuki
Every Spy a Prince	author	Dan Raviv and Yossi Melman
Emotionally Weird	author	Kate Atkinson
The Bud Brothers Series	author	Rose Tan
The Pale King	author	David Foster Wallace
Tarry Flynn	author	Patrick Kavanagh
Waking the Dead	author	Scott Spencer
A Wealth of Fable	author	Harry Warner, Jr.
The End of Education	author	Neil Postman
RPM Package Manager	author	Erik Troan, Marc Ewing, Red Hat
The Dip	author	Seth Godin
The Howling Miller	author	Arto Paasilinna
The Missing Peace	author	Dennis Ross
Glass	author	Ellen Hopkins
Your Heart Belongs to Me	author	Dean Koontz
With Her in Ourland	author	Charlotte Perkins Gilman
Altair BASIC	author	Micro-Soft
Red Eyes	author	Jun Shindo
Uwasa no Midori-kun!!	author	Gō Ikeyamada
Gravity	author	Steve Safarik
Little Fur Family	author	Margaret Wise Brown
Something Borrowed	author	Emily Giffin
Black Rage	author	William H. Grier
Black Rage	author	Price M. Cobbs
Manga: The Complete Guide	author	Jason Thompson
Flight	author	Sherman Alexie
Slaves of the Shinar	author	Justin Allen
The Mormon Prophet and His Harem	author	Catharine Van Valkenburg Waite
For Lust of Knowing	author	Robert Irwin
NG Life	author	Mizuho Kusanagi
The Skating Rink	author	Roberto Bolaño
Crime	author	Irvine Welsh
LastPass	author	Marvasol, Inc. dba LastPass)
City of Ashes	author	Cassandra Clare
Everything	author	Henry Rollins
The Magician's Apprentice	author	Trudi Canavan
IT Examiner	author	Mike Magee
Introduction to Economic Analysis	author	Preston McAfee
Introduction to Economic Analysis	author	Tracy Lewis
The Lost Train of Thought	author	John Hulme and Michael Wexler
The Universe Maker	author	A. E. van Vogt
Cross Bones	author	Kathy Reichs
The Fat Tail: The Power of Political Knowledge for Strategic Investing	author	Ian Bremmer and Preston Keat
Topless in Philadelphia	author	Miles Tredinnick
Samurai Legend	author	Kan Furuyama
Secret Chaser	author	Tamayo Akiyama
Why Beauty Is Truth	author	Ian Stewart
The Forgotten Man: A New History of the Great Depression	author	Amity Shlaes
Stone	author	Sin-Ichi Hiromoto
Steal Moon	author	Makoto Tateno
Taimashin	author	Hideyuki Kikuchi
Tengai Retrogical	author	Rin Asano
Flower of the Deep Sleep	author	Yuana Kazumi
Telepathic Wanderers	author	Yasutaka Tsutsui
Testarotho	author	Kei Sanbe
Winter in Wartime	author	Jan Terlouw
Bass Ackwards and Belly Up	author	Elizabeth Craft and Sarah Fain
Cesare	author	Fuyumi Soryo
Letting Go of Lisa	author	Lurlene McDaniel
Loved Ones	author	Diana Mitford
A Theology of Love	author	Mildred Bangs Wynkoop
Adobe Contribute	author	Macromedia
Kamiyadori	author	Kei Sanbe
Handle with Care	author	Jodi Picoult
Tea Time for the Traditionally Built	author	Alexander McCall Smith
It's Just a Plant	author	Ricardo Cortés
Great Olympic Encyclopedia	author	Valeri Shteinbakh
Gaia's Toys	author	Rebecca Ore
Koe de Oshigoto!	author	Azure Konno
Tales from the Town of Widows	author	James Cañón
Antifanaticism: A Tale of the South	author	Martha Haines Butt
Worlds of the Federation	author	Shane Johnson
They Burn the Thistles	author	Yaşar Kemal
In Other Rooms, Other Wonders	author	Daniyal Mueenuddin
Overqualified	author	Joey Comeau
The Immortals	author	Paul Stewart
The Immortals	author	Chris Riddell
Unfriendly Fire	author	Nathaniel Frank
Wolfram Alpha	author	Wolfram Research
The Human Animal	author	Weston La Barre
Catching Fire	author	Suzanne Collins
A Civil Action	author	Jonathan Harr
Canyons	author	Gary Paulsen
Giving Is Living	author	Marnie Howard and Tisha Howard
Irish Thoroughbred	author	Nora Roberts
Carazamba	author	Virgilio Rodríguez Macal
Bad for Democracy	author	Dana D. Nelson
Gingersnaps	author	Cathy Cassidy
Techdirt	author	Mike Masnick
Anthropology: And a Hundred Other Stories	author	Dan Rhodes
M or F%3F	author	Lisa Papademetriou
Just David	author	Eleanor H. Porter
Local Fields	author	Jean-Pierre Serre
Cín Lae Amhlaoibh	author	Amhlaoibh Ó Súilleabháin
The Colour	author	Rose Tremain
A Fringe of Leaves	author	Patrick White
A Girl from Lübeck	author	Bruce Marshall
Commonitory	author	Peregrinus
The Naked Civil Servant	author	Quentin Crisp
The Slap	author	Christos Tsiolkas
Advanced Banter	author	John Lloyd
Advanced Banter	author	John Mitchinson
Typewriter in the Sky	author	L. Ron Hubbard
Khalil and Majnun	author	Rahal X
Good Bones	author	Margaret Atwood
Tokyo Juliet	author	Miyuki Kitagawa
The Riding Club Crime	author	Carolyn Keene
The Joy of Pregnancy	author	Tori Kropp
Don't Tell Me the Truth About Love	author	Dan Rhodes
Inspector Ghote Hunts the Peacock	author	H. R. F. Keating
Tori Koro	author	Hai Ran
Danger on the Great Lakes	author	Carolyn Keene
Paths of Glory	author	Jeffrey Archer
Magic Lantern	author	Federal Bureau of Investigation
The New Heart of Wisdom	author	Geshe Kelsang Gyatso
V.B. Rose	author	Banri Hidaka
Serious Eats	author	Ed Levine
The Scarlet Empire	author	David M. Parry
Blue Bloods	author	Melissa de la Cruz
Mr Darwin's Shooter	author	Roger McDonald
Xenon	author	Masaomi Kanzaki
Falling from Grace	author	Jane Godwin
Glubbslyme	author	Jacqueline Wilson
Player's Option: Combat & Tactics	author	L. Richard Baker III and Skip Williams
Player's Option: Skills & Powers	author	Douglas Niles and Dale Donovan
Dungeon Master Option: High-Level Campaigns	author	Skip Williams
The Great Eight	author	Scott Hamilton
Maigret and the Yellow Dog	author	Georges Simenon
Beelzebub	author	Ryūhei Tamura
Beelzebub	author	Ryūhei Tamura
Detatoko Princess	author	Hitoshi Okuda
Girl Friend	author	Masaya Hokazono
The Broken Anchor	author	Carolyn Keene
A Voice in the Wind	author	Francine Rivers
An Echo in the Darkness	author	Francine Rivers
Universal Compassion	author	Geshe Kelsang Gyatso
The Car	author	Gary Paulsen
Timoleon Vieta Come Home	author	Dan Rhodes
Action!	author	Carolyn Keene
The Wheels of If	author	L. Sprague de Camp
No Two Alike	author	Judith Rich Harris
Zeni Geba	author	George Akiyama
Don't Judge a Girl by Her Cover	author	Ally Carter
The Mind of Adolf Hitler	author	Walter C. Langer
The Oxford History of the French Revolution	author	William Doyle
My Life at First Try	author	Mark Budman
The Quest of the Historical Jesus	author	Albert Schweitzer
Chains: Lesser Novels and Stories	author	Theodore Dreiser
The Brave Adventures of Lapitch	author	Ivana Brlić-Mažuranić
The Victim of Prejudice	author	Mary Hays
Pokémon Diamond and Pearl Adventure!	author	Shigekatsu Ihara
Amnesia	author	Douglas Anthony Cooper
Lizzie Zipmouth	author	Jacqueline Wilson
Ai City	author	SYUFO
Sweet Blue Flowers	author	Takako Shimura
Treason Keep	author	Jennifer Fallon
Harshini	author	Jennifer Fallon
Lion of Senet	author	Jennifer Fallon
Eye of the Labyrinth	author	Jennifer Fallon
The Bush Garden: Essays on the Canadian Imagination	author	Northrop Frye
The Sword Thief	author	Peter Lerangis
Morning and Noon	author	Dean Acheson
The Fiery Angel	author	Valery Bryusov
Loading Mercury with a Pitchfork	author	Richard Brautigan
The Asti Spumante Code	author	Toby Clements
Four Steps to Death	author	John Wilson
Inspector Ghote's First Case	author	H. R. F. Keating
Without You	author	Anthony Rapp
Chicka, Chicka, 1, 2, 3	author	Bill Martin, Jr.
Chicka, Chicka, 1, 2, 3	author	Michael Sampson
Pictures of Fidelman	author	Bernard Malamud
The Iron Tree	author	Cecilia Dart-Thornton
Scat	author	Carl Hiaasen
Technocracy Study Course	author	M. King Hubbert
Pieces of You	author	Tablo
The Mighty Book of Boosh	author	Julian Barratt
The Mighty Book of Boosh	author	Noel Fielding
The Mighty Book of Boosh	author	Rich Fulcher
The Mighty Book of Boosh	author	Dave Brown
The Mighty Book of Boosh	author	Richard Ayoade
The Mighty Book of Boosh	author	Michael Fielding
Cinema of Obsession	author	Dominique Mainon and James Ursini
Do Good Design	author	David Berman
Mummy Laid an Egg	author	Babette Cole
The Modern Amazons	author	Dominique Mainon and James Ursini
Elephant Run	author	Roland Smith
The Three-Eyed One	author	Osamu Tezuka
What Becomes of the Broken Hearted%3F	author	Alan Duff
The Concubine's Children	author	Denise Chong
Superstitious	author	R.L. Stine
The Wikipedia Revolution	author	Andrew Lih
Ending Aging	author	Aubrey de Grey; with Michael Rae
Historical Atlas of World Mythology	author	Joseph Campbell
Torch of Freedom	author	David Weber and Eric Flint
Mission of Honor	author	David Weber
Treating Survivors of Satanist Abuse	author	Valerie Sinason
The Cleft	author	Doris Lessing
The Joy of Gay Sex	author	Charles Silverstein and Edmund White
Shadow's Edge	author	Brent Weeks
The Conscious Mind	author	David Chalmers
Tempted	author	P.C. Cast
Tempted	author	Kristin Cast
The Tragedy of Great Power Politics	author	John Mearsheimer
Acorna's Rebels	author	Anne McCaffrey and Elizabeth Ann Scarborough
Aristotle and the Gun	author	L. Sprague de Camp
With Lee in Virginia, A Story of the American Civil War	author	G.A. Henty
Patriots	author	James Wesley Rawles
Tempting The Gods: The Selected Stories of Tanith Lee, Volume 1	author	Tanith Lee
A Fratricide	author	Franz Kafka
The Animal-Cracker Plot	author	L. Sprague de Camp
Hunted	author	P.C. Cast
Hunted	author	Kristin Cast
The Shawl	author	Cynthia Ozick
Microsoft Update Catalog	author	Microsoft
The Underneath	author	Kathi Appelt
Generation A	author	Douglas Coupland
A History of Chinese Literature	author	Herbert Giles
The Atlas of Creation	author	Harun Yahya
Air and Angels	author	Susan Hill
Las fuerzas extrañas	author	Leopoldo Lugones
Runcible Jones: The Frozen Compass	author	Ian Irvine
Thorn Castle	author	Ian Irvine
Paying It Forward	author	Michael A. Burstein
The Early Long	author	Frank Belknap Long
Romiette and Julio	author	Sharon Draper
Daughter of Venice	author	Donna Jo Napoli
Signifying Rappers	author	Mark Costello and
Signifying Rappers	author	David Foster Wallace
What's The Harm%3F	author	Tim Farley
The Galton Whistle	author	L. Sprague de Camp
Emergency: This Book Will Save Your Life	author	Neil Strauss
Harvey's Dream	author	Stephen King
The New Meditation Handbook	author	Geshe Kelsang Gyatso
Close to Home	author	Deborah Moggach
The Grange at High Force	author	Philip Turner
QDevelop	author	Jean-Luc Biord
Beyond the Grave	author	Jude Watson
The Fire Kimono	author	Laura Joh Rowland
The Takeover	author	Muriel Spark
Sir Nobonk and the Terrible Dreadful Awful Naughty Nasty Dragon	author	Spike Milligan
Imperial Ambitions	author	Noam Chomsky
Understand	author	Ted Chiang
Prayer for the Living	author	Bruce Marshall
An Account of Capers	author	Bruce Marshall
Does God Play Dice%3F	author	Ian Stewart
Crabgrass Frontier	author	Kenneth T. Jackson
ChristianCinema.com	author	Kevin Downes
ChristianCinema.com	author	Bobby Downes
Pandaemonium	author	Christopher Brookmyre
The Tyrant Falls in Love	author	Hinako Takanaga
Up from Dragons	author	John Skoyles and Dorion Sagan
Those Who Love	author	Irving Stone
The Sensuous Man	author	Joan Garrity
Miles to Go	author	Miley Cyrus with Hilary Liftin
White Acre vs. Black Acre	author	William M. Burwell
Fablehaven: Secrets of the Dragon Sanctuary	author	Brandon Mull
Currency Wars	author	Song Hongbing
Midnight	author	Jacqueline Wilson
Dirty Weekend	author	Helen Zahavi
The Real Cool Killers	author	Chester Himes
Brother, I'm Dying	author	Edwidge Danticat
Hush: An Irish Princess' Tale	author	Donna Jo Napoli
The New Policeman	author	Kate Thompson
Monsieur Lecoq	author	Émile Gaboriau
City of Glass	author	Cassandra Clare
Frank Freeman's Barber Shop	author	Baynard Rush Hall
Pride and Prejudice and Zombies	author	Seth Grahame-Smith
The Old Boys' Network	author	John Rae
Abyss	author	Troy Denning
Nemesis	author	Lindsey Davis
The Greenhouse	author	Susan Hillmore
Daffy Duck for President	author	Chuck Jones
Arithmetic for Parents	author	Ron Aharoni
Dear Nobody	author	Berlie Doherty
The Legend of Deathwalker	author	David Gemmell
Observations Concerning the Increase of Mankind, Peopling of Countries, etc.	author	Benjamin Franklin
Mazinger Edition Z: The Impact!	author	Yoshiaki Tabata
Mazinger Edition Z: The Impact!	author	Go Nagai
Jack and Jill: A Village Story	author	Louisa May Alcott
A Good Year	author	Peter Mayle
The Lace Reader	author	Brunonia Barry
The Haunted Woman	author	David Lindsay
The Devil's Secret	author	Hinako Takanaga
The Mum Minder	author	Jacqueline Wilson
Injury Time	author	Beryl Bainbridge
Tower of Babylon	author	Ted Chiang
The Kite Fighters	author	Linda Sue Park
The Moon and the Sandals	author	Fumi Yoshinaga
Shibumi	author	Trevanian
The Prophet from Ephesus	author	Caroline Lawrence
When the Birds Fly South	author	Stanton A. Coblentz
The Penguin History of the United States of America	author	Hugh Brogan
Amagami	author	Enterbrain
The Woggle-Bug Book	author	L. Frank Baum
The Shroud of the Thwacker	author	Chris Elliott
Daddy's Boy	author	Chris Elliott
Into Hot Air	author	Chris Elliott
The Cabin and Parlor; or, Slaves and Masters	author	J. Thornton Randolph
The Kabocha Wine	author	Mitsuru Miura
Bomber Aircrew in World War II	author	Bruce Barrymore Halpenny
Tenshi no Frypan	author	Etsushi Ogawa
Street Gang	author	Michael Davis
Learning How to Learn	author	Idries Shah
The Ultimate	author	K. A. Applegate
Red Moon and Black Mountain	author	Joy Chant
Killer's Payoff	author	Evan Hunter
Crossroad	author	Shioko Mizuki
The Invention of Everything Else	author	Samantha Hunt
Yūkan Club	author	Yukari Ichijo
Backlash	author	Aaron Allston
Hotel on the Corner of Bitter and Sweet	author	Jamie Ford
Seito Shokun!	author	Yōko Shōji
Seito Shokun!	author	Yōko Shōji
Hi Izuru Tokoro no Tenshi	author	Ryoko Yamagishi
Showa: A History of Japan	author	Shigeru Mizuki
Shura no Mon	author	Masatoshi Kawahara
Ichigenme... The First Class is Civil Law	author	Fumi Yoshinaga
The Left Hand of the Electron	author	Isaac Asimov
Graceling	author	Kristin Cashore
The Green Felt Jungle	author	Ovid Demaris and Ed Reid
The Black Circle	author	Patrick Carman
Return to Quag Keep	author	Andre Norton
Return to Quag Keep	author	Jean Rabe
Got the Life	author	Reginald Arvizu
Greyhawk Player's Guide	author	Anne Brown
Womenomics	author	Claire Shipman
Womenomics	author	Katty Kay
Ford County	author	John Grisham
Memoirs Illustrating the History of Jacobinism	author	Abbé Augustin Barruel
Kindling	author	Mick Farren
Where the Streets Had a Name	author	Randa Abdel-Fattah
Skulduggery Pleasant: The Faceless Ones	author	Derek Landy
Night Train to Lisbon	author	Peter Bieri
The Lofty and the Lowly, or Good in All and None All Good	author	Maria Jane McIntosh
Merlin's Ring	author	H. Warner Munn
The London Eye Mystery	author	Siobhan Dowd
True Singapore Ghost Stories	author	Russell Lee
Slake's Limbo	author	Felice Holman
Mr. Frank, the Underground Mail-Agent	author	Anonymous work
Are U 4 Real%3F	author	Sara Kadefors
Inside the Whale and Other Essays	author	George Orwell
The American Democrat	author	James Fenimore Cooper
Little House on the Prairie	author	Laura Ingalls Wilder
Faserland	author	Christian Kracht
Redcap	author	Brian Callison
The Ku Klux Klan In Prophecy	author	Alma Bridwell White
The Productions of Time	author	John Brunner
The Coachman Rat	author	David Henry Wilson
Green Grass, Running Water	author	Thomas King
Drifting Net Cafe	author	Shūzō Oshimi
Klansmen: Guardians of Liberty	author	Alma Bridwell White
Assegai	author	Wilbur Smith
Bribery, Corruption Also	author	H. R. F. Keating
The Mugger	author	Evan Hunter
Into the Slave Nebula	author	John Brunner
The Twelve Kingdoms: Skies of Dawn	author	Fuyumi Ono
Ordered to Die	author	Edward J. Erickson
Obsession	author	Jonathan Kellerman
Therapy	author	Jonathan Kellerman
A Cold Heart	author	Jonathan Kellerman
Rage	author	Jonathan Kellerman
Definitely Dead	author	Charlaine Harris
Bones	author	Jonathan Kellerman
Hurry Down Sunshine	author	Michael Greenberg
Dead as a Doornail	author	Charlaine Harris
Brighty of the Grand Canyon	author	Marguerite Henry
Wake	author	Lisa McMann
Die Anarchisten	author	John Henry Mackay
Knowing How to Know	author	Idries Shah
The Observers	author	Damon Knight
The Servants	author	M. M. Smith
All Together Dead	author	Charlaine Harris
From Dead to Worse	author	Charlaine Harris
Dead and Gone	author	Charlaine Harris
The Plattner Story and Others	author	H. G. Wells
The Gathering Storm	author	Robert Jordan and Brandon Sanderson
Year's Best SF 14	author	Edited by David G. Hartwell and Kathryn Cramer
The Missing Gospels	author	Darrell L. Bock
Giants, Monsters & Dragons	author	Carol Rose
On War Against the Turk	author	Martin Luther
Shotgun	author	Evan Hunter
Web Compatibility Test for Mobile Browsers	author	Dominique Hazael-Massieux
Web Compatibility Test for Mobile Browsers	author	Wilhelm Joys Andersen
Web Compatibility Test for Mobile Browsers	author	Kai Hendry
The Story of Colors	author	Subcomandante Marcos
Pirate Latitudes	author	Michael Crichton
We Interrupt This Broadcast	author	Joe Garner
Rin-ne	author	Rumiko Takahashi
Hunch	author	Caterina Fake, Chris Dixon
And Then There Was No One	author	Gilbert Adair
The Great Wall of Mexico	author	John Sladek
Bad Moon Rising: An Anthology of Political Forebodings	author	Edited by Thomas M. Disch
Seeker After Truth	author	Idries Shah
A Perfumed Scorpion	author	Idries Shah
The Saxon Shore	author	Jack Whyte
Blanca Olmedo	author	Lucila Gamero
Young Samurai: The Way of the Sword	author	Chris Bradford
El Jetón	author	Arturo Ambrogi
The Cat Who Came for Christmas	author	Cleveland Amory
Nightmare Academy: Monster Revenge	author	Dean Lorey
Solanin	author	Inio Asano
The Devotion of Suspect X	author	Keigo Higashino
Welcome to the Jungle	author	Jim Butcher
Don't Say Anymore, Darling	author	Fumi Yoshinaga
The German Shepherd Dog in Word and Picture	author	Max von Stephanitz
Love Pistols	author	Tarako Kotobuki
Four Quartets	author	T. S. Eliot
Solfege	author	Fumi Yoshinaga
Ōoku: The Inner Chambers	author	Fumi Yoshinaga
Hussein, An Entertainment	author	Patrick O'Brian
Montezuma's Ferrari	author	B. S. Levy
D'Alembert’s Dream	author	Denis Diderot
Storyspace	author	Jay David Bolter
Storyspace	author	Michael Joyce
Letter on the Blind	author	Denis Diderot
What Hath God Wrought: The Transformation of America, 1815–1848	author	Daniel Walker Howe
The Race Beat	author	Gene Roberts and Hank Klibanoff
A Nation under Our Feet	author	Steven Hahn
An Army at Dawn	author	Rick Atkinson
Freedom from Fear: The American People in Depression and War, 1929–1945	author	David M. Kennedy
All Rounder Meguru	author	Hiroki Endo
Amityville: The Nightmare Continues	author	Robin Karl
River God	author	Wilbur Smith
Pyftpdlib	author	grodola
An Excellent Mystery	author	Ellis Peters
The Seance	author	Iain Lawrence
Dark Side of the Morgue	author	Raymond Benson
The Suicide Collectors	author	David Oppegaard
Fountain of Age	author	Nancy Kress
Garden Dreams	author	Fumi Yoshinaga
26 Monkeys, Also the Abyss	author	Kij Johnson
Bravo Two Zero	author	'Andy McNab'
The One That Got Away	author	Chris Ryan
Lovers in the Night	author	Fumi Yoshinaga
Truly Kindly	author	Fumi Yoshinaga
Prodigal Summer	author	Barbara Kingsolver
Jewels	author	Danielle Steel
Not Since Carrie	author	Ken Mandelbaum
Unwind	author	Neal Shusterman
Shizukanaru Don – Yakuza Side Story	author	Tatsuo Nitta
GodHand Teru	author	Kazuki Yamamoto
And a Star to Steer Her By	author	G. Harry Stine
Yellow Star	author	Jennifer Roy
The Dermis Probe	author	Idries Shah
The Liberation of Earth	author	William Tenn
The Eternity Artifact	author	L. E. Modesitt, Jr.
The Green Child	author	Herbert Read
Mascot Madness!	author	Andy Griffiths
Pencil of Doom!	author	Andy Griffiths
The Prosperous Few and the Restless Many	author	Noam Chomsky
The Master: An Adventure Story	author	T. H. White
The Grifters	author	Jim Thompson
Two Lives	author	William Trevor
Dexter Is Delicious	author	Jeff Lindsay
A Basket of Leaves	author	Geoff Wisner
The Discontinuity Guide	author	Paul Cornell
The Discontinuity Guide	author	Martin Day
The Discontinuity Guide	author	Keith Topping
Olive Kitteridge	author	Elizabeth Strout
Fortunate Son	author	Walter Mosley
Sag Harbor	author	Colson Whitehead
A Flag on the Island	author	V. S. Naipaul
Genesis	author	Bernard Beckett
The Enemy	author	Charlie Higson
Danger Society: The Young Bond Dossier	author	Charlie Higson
Kataweb	author	Elemedia
Don't Care High	author	Gordon Korman
1635: The Dreeson Incident	author	Virginia DeMarce and
1635: The Dreeson Incident	author	Eric Flint
Open Language Tools	author	Sun Microsystems
Monk's Hood	author	Ellis Peters
RTÉ Player	author	Raidió Teilifís Éireann
A Push and a Shove	author	Christopher Kelly
Inspector Ghote Goes by Train	author	H. R. F. Keating
Marionette Generation	author	Haruhiko Mikimoto
Creature of the Night	author	Kate Thompson
The Years of Extermination	author	Saul Friedländer
Meditations in Green	author	Stephen Wright
Twilight	author	Meg Cabot
Mobile Suit Gundam École du Ciel	author	Haruhiko Mikimoto
The Merchants' War	author	Frederik Pohl
Driven to Distraction	author	Edward Hallowell and John Ratey
Cartridges of the World	author	Frank C. Barnes and Stan Skinner
Orosa-Nakpil, Malate	author	Louie Mar Gangcuangco
Genji Monogatari	author	Miyako Maki
Ikigami: The Ultimate Limit	author	Motoro Mase
Singin' and Swingin' and Gettin' Merry Like Christmas	author	Maya Angelou
The Boy Who Taught the Beekeeper to Read	author	Susan Hill
The Mirror of Love	author	Alan Moore
BOSS	author	William L. Jorgensen
The Blythes Are Quoted	author	Lucy Maud Montgomery
Inspector Ghote Plays a Joker	author	H. R. F. Keating
Vampirates: Black Heart	author	Justin Somper
Bone Black	author	Bell hooks
Political Repression in Modern America	author	Robert Justin Goldstein
The Third World War	author	Humphrey Hawksley
The Tower of London	author	William Harrison Ainsworth
Haunted	author	Meg Cabot
Love, etc	author	Julian Barnes
Spellfire	author	Ed Greenwood
Guzmán de Alfarache	author	Mateo Alemán
Bloodhound	author	Tamora Pierce
Cornell Paper	author	Benedict Anderson and Ruth McVey
Mommywood	author	Tori Spelling
Achtung – Panzer!	author	Heinz Guderian
The New Turkey	author	Chris Morris
Koolaids: The Art of War	author	Rabih Alameddine
The Boys on the Rock	author	John Fox
Yellow Card Man	author	Paolo Bacigalupi
Incidents	author	Roland Barthes
Deep and Dark and Dangerous	author	Mary Downing Hahn
Choper, Coffee, Gilson	author	Jesse H. Choper, John C. Coffee, Jr., and Ronald J. Gilson
GrassrootsPA	author	Chris Lilik
The Modular Man	author	Roger MacBride Allen
The Secret Intensity of Everyday Life	author	William Nicholson
Marooned on Mars	author	Lester del Rey
The Spirit Level: Why More Equal Societies Almost Always Do Better	author	Richard Wilkinson,
The Spirit Level: Why More Equal Societies Almost Always Do Better	author	Kate Pickett
Yellow Tapers for Paris	author	Bruce Marshall
Sea Dragon Heir	author	Storm Constantine
The Tears of My Soul	author	Kim Hyun Hui
The Partisan Leader	author	Nathaniel Beverley Tucker
By Common Consent	author	Steve Evans, et al.
Glut: Mastering Information Through the Ages	author	Alex Wright
My Year of Meats	author	Ruth Ozeki
The Howling III: Echoes	author	Gary Brandner
The Troubled Man	author	Henning Mankell
Thomas the Rhymer	author	Ellen Kushner
Queen Millennia	author	Leiji Matsumoto
Queen Millennia	author	Kaeko Iguchi
Queen Millennia	author	Keisuke Fujikawa
Queen Millennia	author	Ken Wakasaki
The Commanding Self	author	Idries Shah
The Last Dickens	author	Matthew Pearl
The Lost Fleet: Relentless	author	John G. Hemry
Jake Ransom and the Skull King's Shadow	author	James Rollins
The Scarecrow	author	Michael Connelly
Zoeken naar Eileen W	author	Leon de Winter
Young Pioneers	author	Rose Wilder Lane
Engaging the Muslim World	author	Juan Cole
Stronghold Builder's Guidebook	author	Matt Forbeck and David Noonan
DR TV	author	DR
The Village	author	Kate Wilhelm
Keep the Giraffe Burning	author	John Sladek
The Invisible Hook	author	Peter T. Leeson
Defending Australia in the Asia Pacific Century: Force 2030	author	Australian Government
Envy: A Luxe Novel	author	Anna Godbersen
Unbowed: A Memoir	author	Wangari Maathai
Tales of the Dervishes	author	Idries Shah
Thinkers of the East: Studies in Experientialism	author	Idries Shah
The Islands of Unwisdom	author	Robert Graves
Eighth Grade Bites	author	Zac Brewer
The Four Seasons of Mary Azarian	author	Mary Azarian
Aurora in Four Voices	author	Catherine Asaro
Hearts Grown Brutal	author	Roger Cohen
Wanting	author	Richard Flanagan
Arisa	author	Natsumi Ando
Soldiers and Slaves	author	Roger Cohen
The Shobies' Story	author	Ursula K. Le Guin
The Exeter Blitz	author	David Rees
Transformers: The Veiled Threat	author	Alan Dean Foster
The White Rabbit	author	Bruce Marshall
Mudbound	author	Hillary Jordan
A Thread of Scarlet	author	Bruce Marshall
Australia in the Korean War 1950–53	author	Robert J. O'Neill
Mei-chan no Shitsuji	author	Riko Miyagi
The Peculiar Exploits of Brigadier Ffellowes	author	Sterling E. Lanier
Inspector Ghote's Good Crusade	author	H. R. F. Keating
Only Fade Away	author	Bruce Marshall
The Bishop	author	Bruce Marshall
Free Agent	author	Jeremy Duns
Journey Under the Midnight Sun	author	Keigo Higashino
Why Men Marry Bitches	author	Sherry Argov
Maigret in Holland	author	Georges Simenon
Saffy's Angel	author	Hilary McKay
Bacon: A Love Story	author	Heather Lauer
The Street	author	Ann Petry
The Seer	author	David Stahler Jr.
Tell-All	author	Chuck Palahniuk
The Freedom of the Will	author	Jonathan Edwards
Free Land	author	Rose Wilder Lane
The Founding Myths of Modern Israel	author	Roger Garaudy
Phatch	author	Stani Michiels
Changes	author	Jim Butcher
The Fort at River's Bend	author	Jack Whyte
Octavius	author	Marcus Minucius Felix
Manga: Sixty Years of Japanese Comics	author	Paul Gravett
The Butt	author	Will Self
The Iciest Sin	author	H. R. F. Keating
Being Nikki	author	Meg Cabot
Like	author	Ali Smith
Eden*	author	Yū Kagami
Wednesday Is Indigo Blue	author	Richard Cytowic
Wednesday Is Indigo Blue	author	David Eagleman
Grace After Midnight	author	Felicia Pearson
Grace After Midnight	author	David Ritz
Dave Barry's History of the Millennium	author	Dave Barry
The Gallifrey Chronicles	author	John Peel
The Gallifrey Chronicles	author	Lance Parkin
Honeymoon in Hell	author	Fredric Brown
Great Science-Fiction	author	Edited by Tony Licata
Push	author	Sapphire
The Stronghold	author	Mollie Hunter
Space Demons	author	Gillian Rubinstein
The Gamble	author	Thomas E. Ricks
There's a God on the Mic	author	Kool Moe Dee
World Heritage Memory Net	author	Prof. Ching-chih Chen
Evil Robot Monkey	author	Mary Robinette Kowal
OFono	author	Intel and Nokia
American Gothic	author	Robert Bloch
The Little White Car	author	Danuta de Rhodes
Otto of the Silver Hand	author	Howard Pyle
The Principalities of Glantri	author	Bruce Heard
Enchanted, Inc.	author	Shanna Swendson
Ark	author	Stephen Baxter
A Valley Grows Up	author	Edward Osmond
Hello Sunshine	author	Ryan Adams
Livia	author	Lawrence Durrell
Absolutely, Positively Not	author	David LaRochelle
Hawks over Shem	author	Robert E. Howard and L. Sprague de Camp
The Road of the Eagles	author	Robert E. Howard and L. Sprague de Camp
The Fox Cub Bold	author	Colin Dann
Franken Fran	author	Katsuhisa Kigitsu
The Third God	author	Ricardo Pinto
The Mysterious Benedict Society and the Prisoner's Dilemma	author	Trenton Lee Stewart
Covering Islam	author	Edward Said
Ristorante Paradiso	author	Natsume Ono
The Poet of Tolstoy Park	author	Sonny Brewer
Hey Rub-a-Dub-Dub	author	Theodore Dreiser
The Siege of White Deer Park	author	Colin Dann
In the Path of the Storm	author	Colin Dann
Prisoner of the State: The Secret Journal of Premier Zhao Ziyang	author	Zhao Ziyang
Battle for the Park	author	Colin Dann
Rise of a Merchant Prince	author	Raymond E. Feist
Maid Deka	author	Yūji Hayami
Maid Deka	author	Yūji Hayami
Happy World!	author	Kenjirou Takeshita
Wolf Hall	author	Hilary Mantel
Help Yourself	author	Dave Pelzer
Simon	author	Rosemary Sutcliff
OpenCog	author	contributors
Shadow of the Scorpion	author	Neal Asher
Fang: A Maximum Ride Novel	author	James Patterson
Johnny Thunders...In Cold Blood	author	Nina Antonia
How We Decide	author	Jonah Lehrer
Shadows of Forgotten Ancestors	author	Carl Sagan and Ann Druyan
Journeys to the End of the World	author	Clive Algar
The Lump of Coal	author	Daniel Handler
Neglected Aspects of Sufi Study	author	Idries Shah
The Baby in the Manger	author	Lemony Snicket
Tears of a Lamb	author	Banri Hidaka
Jesus, Interrupted	author	Bart D. Ehrman
Don't Be Such a Scientist	author	Randy Olson
Carry Me Down	author	M. J. Hyland
Cheap Ass Gamer	author	CheapyD
Me and the Devil Blues	author	Akira Hiramoto
The Wild Geese	author	Daniel Carney
In Search of Our Mothers' Gardens	author	Alice Walker
Story of a Girl	author	Sara Zarr
Cavern of the Fear	author	Jennifer Rowe
The Official Razzie Movie Guide	author	John J.B. Wilson
Hollywood Causes Cancer	author	Tom Green
Hollywood Causes Cancer	author	Allen Rucker
The Fated Sky	author	Henrietta Branford
With Kitchener in the Soudan	author	G. A. Henty
For the Union Dead	author	Robert Lowell
Hana to Akuma	author	Hisamu Oto
Blood Reign: Curse of the Yoma	author	Kei Kusunoki
Coco and Igor	author	Chris Greenhalgh
Autumn Mountain	author	Ryūnosuke Akutagawa
Wisdom of the Idiots	author	Idries Shah
The Earth After Us	author	Jan Zalasiewicz
Heaven and Earth	author	Ian Plimer
Hina-chan no Nichijo	author	Hiroko Minami
Sex Warrior Pudding	author	Hinoki Kazushi
The Ruby in her Navel	author	Barry Unsworth
Wagon Train to the Stars	author	Diane Carey
Belle Terre	author	Dean Wesley Smith and Diane Carey
Rough Trails	author	L.A. Graf
UFO Robot Grendizer vs. Great Mazinger	author	Go Nagai
The Flaming Arrow	author	Kathy Oltion and Jerry Oltion
Integrating Vision Toolkit	author	by Pedram Azad et al., Karlsruhe Institute of Technology
The Snowman	author	Hans Christian Andersen
Original Rude Boy	author	Neville Staple and Tony McMahon. Foreword by Pete Waterman
The N Word: One Man's Stand	author	Stephen Hagan
The Case for Latvia	author	Jukka Rislakki
The Summoning	author	Kelley Armstrong
Dæmonomania	author	John Crowley
A Wish of my Sister	author	Masahiro Itosugi
Special Illumination: The Sufi Use of Humour	author	Idries Shah
Wait Till Helen Comes: A Ghost Story	author	Mary Downing Hahn
The Prince of Tides	author	Pat Conroy
The Snowman	author	Jo Nesbø
Failed States: The Abuse of Power and the Assault on Democracy	author	Noam Chomsky
Thin Air	author	Dean Wesley Smith and Kristine Kathryn Rusch
A Lost Paradise	author	Junichi Watanabe
House of Cards	author	William D. Cohan
Heck: Where the Bad Kids Go	author	Dale E. Basye
Winter Rose	author	Patricia A. McKillip
Challenger	author	Diane Carey
The Woman's Bible	author	Elizabeth Cady Stanton
Just and Unjust Wars	author	Michael Walzer
The Million Dollar Putt	author	Dan Gutman
Too Much Happiness	author	Alice Munro
Uchu Enban Daisenso	author	Go Nagai
Old Ghosts of New England	author	C.J. Fusco
Ramage and the Drumbeat	author	Dudley Pope
Set in Stone	author	Linda Newbery
Angel Beats!	author	Jun Maeda
Angel Beats!	author	Jun Maeda
The Assignment	author	Friedrich Dürrenmatt
Animal Academy: Hakobune Hakusho	author	Moyamu Fujino
Clandestine	author	James Ellroy
Apache Wave	author	Google
American Icon: The Fall of Roger Clemens and the Rise of Steroids in America's Pastime	author	Teri Thompson, Michael O'Keeffe, Nathaniel Vinton & Christian Red
The Book of Atrix Wolfe	author	Patricia A. McKillip
The Cambridge History of Iran	author	William B Fisher
The Cambridge History of Iran	author	Ilya Gershevitch
The Cambridge History of Iran	author	Ehsan Yarshater
The Cambridge History of Iran	author	Richard Nelson Frye
The Cambridge History of Iran	author	John Andrew Boyle
The Cambridge History of Iran	author	Peter Jackson
The Cambridge History of Iran	author	Laurence Lockhart
The Cambridge History of Iran	author	Peter Avery
The Cambridge History of Iran	author	Gavin Hambly
The Cambridge History of Iran	author	C P Melville
Flight of the Fire Thief	author	Terry Deary
Liberia; or, Mr. Peyton's Experiments	author	Sarah Josepha Hale
Windswept House: A Vatican Novel	author	Malachi Martin
Manhattan Is My Beat	author	Jeffery Deaver
The Demon's Lexicon	author	Sarah Rees Brennan
Decoding the Heavens	author	Jo Marchant
Legacy	author	James Michener
1Q84	author	Haruki Murakami
The Ghost Drum	author	Susan Price
Devious	author	Cecily von Ziegesar
Death of a Blue Movie Star	author	Jeffery Deaver
The Master Key System	author	Charles F. Haanel
I, Alex Cross	author	James Patterson
Oil 101	author	Morgan Downey
Crimson Spell	author	Ayano Yamane
Level C	author	Futaba Aoi
Level C	author	Mitsuba Kurenai
Pippi Longstocking	author	Astrid Lindgren
Harry and the Wrinklies	author	Alan Temperley
Show of Evil	author	William Diehl
Reign in Hell	author	William Diehl
Brown's Requiem	author	James Ellroy
Final Draft	author	Sergey Lukyanenko
Introduction to Kant's Anthropology	author	Michel Foucault
Ayn Rand: The Russian Radical	author	Chris Matthew Sciabarra
The Tunnel	author	William H. Gass
The Strain	author	Guillermo del Toro
The Strain	author	Chuck Hogan
Brides of Wildcat County	author	Jude Watson
How the Grinch Stole Christmas!	author	Dr. Seuss
Mexico Unconquered	author	John Gibler
Psycho Armor Govarian	author	Tatsuo Yasuda
Born Confused	author	Tanuja Desai Hidier
Moon Child	author	Reiko Shimizu
My Steve	author	Terri Irwin
Across the Universe	author	Pamela Sargent and George Zebrowski
The General Danced at Dawn	author	George MacDonald Fraser
Six Suspects	author	Vikas Swarup
Witch & Wizard	author	James Patterson and Gabrielle Charbonnet
The Last Dive	author	Bernie Chowdhury
Pit Pony	author	Joyce Barkhouse
Moekan	author	Midori Tateyama
The Evolution of God	author	Robert Wright
Cloak	author	S. D. Perry
Click	author	*
Click	author	David Almond
Click	author	Eoin Colfer
Click	author	Roddy Doyle
Click	author	Deborah Ellis
Click	author	Nick Hornby
Click	author	Margo Lanagan
Click	author	Gregory Maguire
Click	author	Ruth Ozeki
Click	author	Linda Sue Park
Click	author	Tim Wynne-Jones
OpenDesktop.org	author	Frank Karlitschek
Butterfly	author	Sonya Hartnett
The Physick Book of Deliverance Dane	author	Katherine Howe
Plum Stones	author	P. G. Wodehouse
The Good Thief	author	Hannah Tinti
All Together Now	author	Jared Bernstein
The Sower	author	Kemble Scott
Ninth Grade Slays	author	Zac Brewer
Despera	author	Chiaki J. Konaka
Veitikka	author	Veikko Huovinen
Colline	author	Jean Giono
Ardiente paciencia	author	Antonio Skármeta
The Death and Life of Charlie St. Cloud	author	Ben Sherwood
Thérèse Desqueyroux	author	François Mauriac
The Nudist on the Late Shift	author	Po Bronson
A Semester in the Life of a Garbage Bag	author	Gordon Korman
HERmione	author	H.D.
A Capable Man	author	Hinako Takanaga
Little Butterfly	author	Hinako Takanaga
Word and Object	author	Willard Van Orman Quine
Gifted	author	Nikita Lalwani
Hunter in the Dark	author	Monica Hughes
Seeing Voices	author	Oliver Sacks
White Heat	author	Marco Pierre White
A Crime in the Neighborhood	author	Suzanne Berne
When I Lived in Modern Times	author	Linda Grant
Rogue	author	Michael A. Martin and Andy Mangels
Abyss	author	David Weddle and Jeffrey Lang
Shadow	author	Dean Wesley Smith and Kristine Kathryn Rusch
Lincoln Unmasked	author	Thomas DiLorenzo
Oriental Magic	author	Idries Shah
The Mighty Swordsmen	author	edited by  Hans Stefan Santesson
The Mighty Barbarians	author	edited by  Hans Stefan Santesson
Billy Phelan's Greatest Game	author	William J. Kennedy
Mobius Dick	author	Andrew Crumey
Lee's Lieutenants: A Study in Command	author	Douglas Southall Freeman
A Plain Introduction to the Criticism of the New Testament	author	Frederick Henry Ambrose Scrivener
Race Life of the Aryan Peoples	author	Joseph Pomeroy Widney
The Secret Lore of Magic	author	Idries Shah
The Girl Who Heard Dragons	author	Anne McCaffrey
Get Off the Unicorn	author	Anne McCaffrey
Barabanba	author	Go Nagai
Man, The Unknown	author	Alexis Carrel
A Translation Guide to 19th-Century Polish-Language Civil-Registration Documents	author	Judith R. Frazin
The Civic Culture	author	Gabriel Almond
The Civic Culture	author	Sidney Verba
Fell	author	David Clement-Davies
Rising Up and Rising Down	author	William T. Vollmann
The History of British Political Parties	author	David Boothroyd
Nukespeak	author	Stephen Hilgartner, Richard C. Bell , Rory O'Connor
Coral Gardens and Their Magic	author	Bronisław Malinowski
You Just Don't Understand	author	Deborah Tannen
At Play in the Fields of the Lord	author	Peter Matthiessen
Eat This, Not That	author	David Zinczenko with Matt Goulding
Ceremony	author	Robert B. Parker
Studies in African Music	author	A.M. Jones
Catching Fire: How Cooking Made Us Human	author	Richard Wrangham
Man Gone Down	author	Michael Thomas
Who's Your City%3F	author	Richard Florida
International Encyclopedia of Human Geography	author	Rob Kitchin
International Encyclopedia of Human Geography	author	Nigel Thrift
The Ask and the Answer	author	Patrick Ness
Asking Questions	author	H. R. F. Keating
Puss in Boots	author	Giovanni Francesco Straparola
Puss in Boots	author	Charles Perrault
Puss in Boots	author	Giambattista Basile
The Anti-Pamela; or Feign’d Innocence Detected	author	Eliza Haywood
The Life and Death of Democracy	author	John Keane
Lunatic	author	Ted Dekker and Kaci Hill
Hammer of the Gods	author	Stephen Davis
Mujigen Hunter Fandora	author	Koichi Minade
Destination Mecca	author	Idries Shah
Gearman	author	Brad Fitzpatrick
500 años fregados pero cristianos	author	Rius
Denying the Holocaust	author	Deborah Lipstadt
Exposure	author	Mal Peet
Mare Liberum	author	Hugo Grotius
Dragon and Thief	author	Timothy Zahn
Skinned	author	Robin Wasserman
Shrink Yourself	author	Roger Gould
Cyber Studio	author	Tom Hudson
Demon Flowers	author	Hakase Mizuki
The Rules of Sociological Method	author	Émile Durkheim
Days Between Stations	author	Steve Erickson
The Bells of Nagasaki	author	Takashi Nagai
Midori no Makibaō	author	Tsunomaru
Health-EU portal	author	European Commission
Health-EU portal	author	Directorate-General for Health and Consumers
The Art of Investing in America	author	Dennis Unkovic
Mixed Vegetables	author	Ayumi Komura
Sir Harold of Zodanga	author	L. Sprague de Camp
Heist Society	author	Ally Carter
Stargazer	author	Claudia Gray
The Everafter War	author	Michael Buckley
After I Win	author	Kaname Itsuki
Alcohol, Shirt and Kiss	author	Yuko Kuwabara
All Nippon Air Line	author	Kei Azumaya
Author's Pet	author	Deathco Cotorino
After the Wreck, I Picked Myself Up, Spread My Wings, and Flew Away	author	Joyce Carol Oates
Landslide	author	Desmond Bagley
The Snow Tiger	author	Desmond Bagley
High Citadel	author	Desmond Bagley
The Tightrope Men	author	Desmond Bagley
The Vivero Letter	author	Desmond Bagley
The Spoilers	author	Desmond Bagley
The Freedom Trap	author	Desmond Bagley
Juggernaut	author	Desmond Bagley
Night of Error	author	Desmond Bagley
Jatta	author	Jenny Hale
The Honour of the Knights	author	Stephen J Sweeney
Prophets of Regulation	author	Thomas K. McCraw
The Centurions	author	Jean Lartéguy
The Raging Quiet	author	Sherryl Jordan
On Guerrilla Warfare	author	Mao Zedong
In Vivo	author	Mildred Savage
Wittgenstein's Beetle and Other Classic Thought Experiments	author	Martin Cohen
A Great Fall	author	Mildred Savage
The Eagle's Prey	author	Simon Scarrow
TOMOYO Linux	author	NTT Data Corporation
Dragon's Rock	author	Tim Bowler
Tomehane! Suzuri Kōkō Shodōbu	author	Katsutoshi Kawai
The Bourne Objective	author	Robert Ludlum
The Bourne Objective	author	Eric Van Lustbader
The History of Richard Raynal, Solitary	author	Robert Hugh Benson
Bog Child	author	Siobhan Dowd
The Girl from Hollywood	author	Edgar Rice Burroughs
The Anime Encyclopedia	author	Jonathan Clements and Helen McCarthy
Can't Win with You!	author	Satosumi Takaguchi
Cut	author	Toko Kawai
Mindplayers	author	Pat Cadigan
Don't Blame Me	author	Yugi Yamada
Moments of Being	author	Virginia Woolf
The Way to Heaven	author	Yamimaru Enjin
The Guilty	author	Katsura Izumi
Libre.fm	author	GNU Project
Blake: Prophet Against Empire	author	David V. Erdman
Ambient	author	Jack Womack
Modeste Mignon	author	Honoré de Balzac
Boken till Dig	author	Jan Widströmer
Chu-Bra!!	author	Yumi Nakata
Bitter Fruit	author	Achmat Dangor
August	author	Judith Rossner
Under a Monsoon Cloud	author	H. R. F. Keating
Tit for Tat	author	Anonymous work
First Girl	author	Chiho Saito
The Search for the Red Dragon	author	James A. Owen
The Indigo King	author	James A. Owen
The Shadow Dragons	author	James A. Owen
Technologized Desire	author	D. Harlan Wilson
Uten Enten	author	Haruki Murakami
Wild Geese	author	Martha Ostenso
A Conspiracy of Kings	author	Megan Whalen Turner
Breaking Point	author	Alex Flinn
Evermore	author	Alyson Noël
Skin Tight	author	Carl Hiaasen
The Little Grey Men	author	Denys Watkins-Pitchford
Conceit	author	Mary Novik
Amnesiascope	author	Steve Erickson
The Hoopster	author	Alan Lawrence Sitomer
Metaphysics of War	author	Julius Evola
Makamisa	author	José Rizal
The Broken Melody	author	F. J. Thwaites
Mots d'Heures	author	Luis d'Antin van Rooten
Eden of the East	author	Kenji Kamiyama
The Charioteer	author	Mary Renault
Fight Ippatsu! Jūden-chan!!	author	Bow Ditama
The Fate of the Earth	author	Jonathan Schell
Hip Hop High School	author	Alan Lawrence Sitomer
HTC Sense	author	HTC
Skin Trade	author	Laurell K. Hamilton
The Court of the Air	author	Stephen Hunt
Against Therapy	author	Jeffrey Moussaieff Masson
The Secret Speech	author	Tom Rob Smith
Come Back to Sorrento	author	Dawn Powell
The Orchard on Fire	author	Shena Mackay
Play Ball: Stories of the Ball Field	author	King Kelly
Atlas of Victorian Birds	author	W.B. Emison, C.M. Beardsell, F.I. Norman, R.H. Loyn, Simon Bennett.
Jigyaku no Uta	author	Yoshiie Gouda
Drifters	author	Kouta Hirano
Professor Shonku	author	Satyajit Ray
Palimpsest	author	Catherynne M. Valente
The Girl Who Kicked the Hornets' Nest	author	Stieg Larsson
Fearful Symmetry	author	Northrop Frye
Tours of the Black Clock	author	Steve Erickson
On the Water	author	Hans Maarten van den Brink
Guilty: Liberal %22Victims%22 and Their Assault on America	author	Ann Coulter
The Mystery of the Disappearing Cat	author	Enid Blyton
The Mystery of the Missing Man	author	Enid Blyton
Hush Little Baby	author	Caroline B. Cooney
Where Reincarnation and Biology Intersect	author	Ian Stevenson
Reincarnation and Biology	author	Ian Stevenson
The Discovery of Global Warming	author	Spencer R. Weart
Marthandavarma	author	C.V. Raman Pillai
The Mystery of the Strange Messages	author	Enid Blyton
European Cases of the Reincarnation Type	author	Ian Stevenson
The Red Book	author	Carl Jung
Rest Stop	author	Stephen King
Graduation Afternoon	author	Stephen King
The New York Times at Special Bargain Rates	author	Stephen King
A Very Tight Place	author	Stephen King
The Story Sisters	author	Alice Hoffman
Summer Wear	author	L. Sprague de Camp
The Inspector's Teeth	author	L. Sprague de Camp
Crunch	author	Jared Bernstein
Henry and the Paper Route	author	Beverly Cleary
Nineteen Eighty-Four	author	George Orwell
Abraham Lincoln	author	John T. Morse
The Coming Insurrection	author	The Invisible Committee
WWE Encyclopedia: The definitive guide to World Wrestling Entertainment	author	Brian Shields
WWE Encyclopedia: The definitive guide to World Wrestling Entertainment	author	Kevin Sullivan
Something More	author	Paul Cornell
Dragon Keeper	author	Robin Hobb
Yama Onna Kabe Onna	author	Atsuko Takakura
Gears of War: Jacinto's Remnant	author	Karen Traviss
We Few	author	David Weber
We Few	author	John Ringo
March to the Sea	author	David Weber
March to the Sea	author	John Ringo
March to the Stars	author	David Weber
March to the Stars	author	John Ringo
Dogs On Acid	author	Bad Company
Ransom My Heart	author	Mia Thermopolis
Ransom My Heart	author	Meg Cabot
The Nose from Jupiter	author	Richard Scrimger
Durarara!!	author	Ryohgo Narita
Durarara!!	author	Ryohgo Narita
Catastrophe	author	Dick Morris
Catastrophe	author	Eileen McGann
Land of Marvels	author	Barry Unsworth
The Sin Eaters	author	Brian Minchin
Warbreaker	author	Brandon Sanderson
Homeboyz	author	Alan Lawrence Sitomer
An American Trilogy	author	Steven M. Wise
Happiness Recommended	author	Souya Himawari
Hey, Sensei%3F	author	Yaya Sakuragi
Hot Limit	author	Minori Shima
Hot Steamy Glasses	author	Tatsumi Kaiya
Kaiouki	author	Masatoshi Kawahara
The Complaints	author	Ian Rankin
Mistakes Were Made	author	Carol Tavris
Mistakes Were Made	author	Elliot Aronson
Rogue	author	Danielle Steel
Julian Comstock: A Story of 22nd-Century America	author	Robert Charles Wilson
Billy Bat	author	Naoki Urasawa
Billy Bat	author	Takashi Nagasaki
What I Saw and How I Lied	author	Judy Blundell
Happy Happy Clover	author	Tatsuyama Sayuri
Princess Lucia	author	Kōji Seo
The Courage of Sarah Noble	author	Alice Dalgliesh
The Accounting	author	Bruce Marshall
The House in the Night	author	Susan Marie Swanson
The Vacillations of Poppy Carew	author	Mary Wesley
Honor Thyself	author	Danielle Steel
A Good Woman	author	Danielle Steel
King Arthur and His Knights of the Round Table	author	Roger Lancelyn Green
One Day at a Time	author	Danielle Steel
Philosophy and Real Politics	author	Raymond Geuss
AlloCiné	author	Jean-David Blanc & Patrick Holzman
Kiddy Girl-and	author	Hidefumi Kimura
Umimachi Diary	author	Akimi Yoshida
Zeitoun	author	Dave Eggers
A Step From Heaven	author	An Na
Secrets of the Clans	author	Erin Hunter
Code of the Clans	author	Erin Hunter
The Rise of Scourge	author	Erin Hunter and Dan Jolley
Gods, Demons and Others	author	R. K. Narayan
Free: The Future of a Radical Price	author	Chris Anderson
Where the Blind Horse Sings	author	Kathy Stevens
Where the Blind Horse Sings	author	Elizabeth Marshall Thomas
Widdershins	author	Charles De Lint
Needless	author	Kami Imai
GTK+	author	Spencer Kimball
GTK+	author	Peter Mattis
GTK+	author	EXperimental Computing Facility
Deo Langkhui	author	Rita Chowdhury
STORM: The Infinity Code	author	E. L. Young
By Heresies Distressed	author	David Weber
Claim to Fame	author	Margaret Peterson Haddix
The First Two Lives of Lukas-Kasha	author	Lloyd Alexander
Kit's Wilderness	author	David Almond
The White Darkness	author	Geraldine McCaughrean
On the Jellicoe Road	author	Melina Marchetta
The Letters of J. R. R. Tolkien	author	Humphrey Carpenter , with Christopher Tolkien
The Century's Daughter	author	Pat Barker
Anedoki	author	Mizuki Kawashita
The Man Who Wasn't There	author	Pat Barker
Another World	author	Pat Barker
Double Vision	author	Pat Barker
Life Class	author	Pat Barker
A Arcádia e a Inconfidência	author	Oswald de Andrade
A Marcha das Utopias	author	Oswald de Andrade
Estrela de absinto	author	Oswald de Andrade
Manifesto Pau-Brasil	author	Oswald de Andrade
Meu Testamento	author	Oswald de Andrade
Canto da Solidão	author	Bernardo Guimarães
Inspirações da Tarde	author	Bernardo Guimarães
O Seminarista	author	Bernardo Guimarães
Hidden Empire	author	Orson Scott Card
Relentless	author	Dean Koontz
Not That Sort of Girl	author	Mary Wesley
The Wise Man's Fear	author	Patrick Rothfuss
Gateway to Strangeness	author	Jack Vance
Generation X: Tales for an Accelerated Culture	author	Douglas Coupland
The Selected Works of T. S. Spivet	author	Reif Larsen
Krista Purana	author	Thomas Stephens
The Intimate Adventures of a London Call Girl	author	Belle de Jour
Stainless Longganisa	author	Bob Ong
The Enclosure	author	Susan Hill
Do Me a Favour	author	Susan Hill
Mrs de Winter	author	Susan Hill
Gentleman and Ladies	author	Susan Hill
A Change for the Better	author	Susan Hill
Heaven's Will	author	Satoru Takamiya
I Love You, Beth Cooper	author	Larry Doyle
In the Springtime of the Year	author	Susan Hill
The Mist in the Mirror	author	Susan Hill
Beware of the Dog	author	Roald Dahl
Magnificent Corpses	author	Anneli Rufus
Dieu	author	Victor Hugo
The Service of Clouds	author	Susan Hill
The Various Haunts of Men	author	Susan Hill
The Risk of Darkness	author	Susan Hill
The Pure in Heart	author	Susan Hill
A Description of the Manner in which Duke Valentino put Vitellozzo Vitelli, Oliverotto da Fermo, Lord Pagola and the Duke of Gravina to Death	author	Niccolò Machiavelli
Hōzuki Island	author	Kei Sanbe
Winter Hawk	author	Craig Thomas
The Declaration	author	Gemma Malley
The Resistance	author	Gemma Malley
Encyclopedia of Motherhood	author	Andrea O'Reilly
Atala	author	François-René de Chateaubriand
Dolores	author	Jacqueline Susann
Neatx	author	
One Second After	author	William R. Forstchen
Subway Art	author	Martha Cooper
Subway Art	author	Henry Chalfant
Harnessing Peacocks	author	Mary Wesley
The History of Independent Cinema	author	Phil Hall
Garden Cities of To-morrow	author	Ebenezer Howard
Secret Ceremonies	author	Deborah Laake
NutshellMail	author	David Lyman, Mark Schmulen, David Neubauer
Arthur Rex	author	Thomas Berger
Le Sang noir	author	Louis Guilloux
General History of the Zhuang	author	Huang Xianfan, Zhang Yiming, Huang Zengqing
Iken.in	author	Mexus Education
The Heart of a Distant Forest	author	Philip Lee Williams
WindowBase	author	Software Products International
Mormonism: Shadow or Reality%3F	author	Jerald and Sandra Tanner
Hero Heel	author	Makoto Tateno
The Rising Night	author	Scott Handcock
Philosophy and Social Hope	author	Richard Rorty
The Asylum Seeker	author	Arnon Grunberg
The Fires of Merlin	author	T. A. Barron
The Mirror of Merlin	author	T. A. Barron
Russian Beauty	author	Victor Erofeyev
Hybrid Child	author	Shungiku Nakamura
Polar Bear, Polar Bear, What Do You Hear%3F	author	Bill Martin, Jr.
Les Rayons et les Ombres	author	Victor Hugo
The Blood of Others	author	Simone de Beauvoir
O Sétimo Selo	author	José Rodrigues dos Santos
Bougainville	author	F. Springer
Komrij's patentwekker	author	Gerrit Komrij
Tirukkuṛaḷ	author	Thiruvalluvar
Golden Treasure	author	Hans Christian Andersen
Young Gun Carnaval	author	Makoto Fukami
Five Go Down to the Sea	author	Enid Blyton
Mohawk	author	Richard Russo
Darkworld Detective	author	Michael Reaves
Immortals	author	Edited by Jack Dann and Gardner Dozois
Clones	author	Edited by Jack Dann and Gardner Dozois
Timegates	author	Edited by Jack Dann and Gardner Dozois
Black Butterfly	author	Mark Gatiss
The Passion of Ayn Rand	author	Barbara Branden
A Cruel God Reigns	author	Moto Hagio
The Sublime Object of Ideology	author	Slavoj Žižek
The Embalmer	author	Mitsukazu Mihara
The Seven Lamps of Architecture	author	John Ruskin
A History of Political Theory	author	George Holland Sabine
The Shape of Time	author	George Kubler
X Stands for Unknown	author	Isaac Asimov
The Sun Shines Bright	author	Isaac Asimov
Strobe Edge	author	Io Sakisaka
Counting the Eons	author	Isaac Asimov
Characters of Shakespear's Plays	author	William Hazlitt
Looking for Rachel Wallace	author	Robert B. Parker
The Princess and the Unicorn	author	Carol Hughes
The Tragedy of the Moon	author	Isaac Asimov
Report on Probability A	author	Brian Aldiss
A Poet's Bible	author	David Rosenberg
Grażyna	author	Adam Mickiewicz
The Gutting of Couffignal	author	Dashiell Hammett
The Whole Shebang: A State-of-the-Universe	author	Timothy Ferris
Talk	author	Carl Hancock Rux
Valkyria Chronicles II	author	Sega
The Wife's Story	author	Ursula K. Le Guin
Necratoholic	author	Maguro Wasabi
The Left Hand of Darkness	author	Ursula K. Le Guin
The World At Night	author	Babak Amin Tafreshi
The World At Night	author	Mike Simmons
Shadow Country	author	Peter Matthiessen
The Looney: An Irish Fantasy	author	Spike Milligan
Diary of a Wimpy Kid: Dog Days	author	Jeff Kinney
Atheist Delusions	author	David Bentley Hart
Chasing the Bear	author	Robert B. Parker
A Thousand Barrels a Second	author	Peter Tertzakian
Ruff Love	author	Tamaki Kirishima
Match Girl	author	Anne Bishop
The Traveling Vampire Show	author	Richard Laymon
Ruby Slippers, Golden Tears	author	Ellen Datlow and Terri Windling
Black Thorn, White Rose	author	Ellen Datlow and Terri Windling
Snow White, Blood Red	author	Ellen Datlow and Terri Windling
My Girlfriend's a Geek	author	Pentabu
Methland	author	Nick Reding
Ripped: How the Wired Generation Revolutionized Music	author	Greg Kot
Subsoil	author	Nicholson Baker
Deep Economy	author	Bill McKibben
Patsy of Paradise Place	author	Rosie Harris
Faithless	author	Karin Slaughter
A Faint Cold Fear	author	Karin Slaughter
Vampire's Portrait	author	Hiroki Kusumoto
White Brand	author	Youka Nitta
Return to the Hundred Acre Wood	author	David Benedictus
Pluk van de Petteflet	author	Annie M.G. Schmidt
Tokyo Zombie	author	Yusaku Hanakuma
Lucien Leuwen	author	Stendhal
Tower of the Future	author	Saki Hiwatari
Religious Affections	author	Jonathan Edwards
Breaking the Surface	author	Greg Louganis
Breaking the Surface	author	co-writer: Eric Marcus
The Silent Sea	author	Clive Cussler
The Silent Sea	author	Jack Du Brul
Wild Butterfly	author	Hiroki Kusumoto
You Make My Head Spin!	author	Kazuhiko Mishima
Children of the Sea	author	Daisuke Igarashi
Programming Languages: Application and Interpretation	author	Shriram Krishnamurthi
Perfectly Reasonable Deviations from the Beaten Track	author	Richard Feynman
Vulcan's Forge	author	Jack Du Brul
Charon's Landing	author	Jack Du Brul
The Medusa Stone	author	Jack Du Brul
Rollback	author	Robert J. Sawyer
This Is Your Brain on Music	author	Daniel J. Levitin
The Wedding of Sarah Jane Smith	author	Gareth Roberts
Pandora's Curse	author	Jack Du Brul
The Knight	author	Gene Wolfe
My Horizontal Life	author	Chelsea Handler
Bay of Souls	author	Robert Stone
Reports from the Holocaust: The Story of an AIDS Activist	author	Larry Kramer
Possible Side Effects	author	Augusten Burroughs
Ice Claw	author	David Gilman
The Illusionist	author	Jennifer Johnston
The Lollipop Shoes	author	Joanne Harris
Destroyer of Worlds	author	Larry Niven and Edward M. Lerner
Hanasakeru Seishōnen	author	Natsumi Itsuki
Summertime	author	J. M. Coetzee
The Robert Heinlein Interview and other Heinleiniana	author	J. Neil Schulman
The Greeks Have a Word For It	author	Barry Unsworth
Waking Dream	author	Rhiannon Lassiter
Ved Vejen	author	Herman Bang
Brother Cadfael's Penance	author	Ellis Peters
Jumping the Queue	author	Mary Wesley
Constance	author	Lawrence Durrell
Quinx	author	Lawrence Durrell
La Brava	author	Elmore Leonard
Don't Tell Alfred	author	Nancy Mitford
The Broken Compass	author	Peter Hitchens
Deep Fire Rising	author	Jack Du Brul
River of Ruin	author	Jack Du Brul
The Book of est	author	Lukegxnxbdjd Rhinehart
A Little House Traveler	author	Laura Ingalls Wilder
Divine Misdemeanors	author	Laurell K. Hamilton
Allal	author	Paul Bowles
The Last Song	author	Nicholas Sparks
Mount Analogue	author	René Daumal
Fever Crumb	author	Philip Reeve
Culture of Corruption	author	Michelle Malkin
Daniel X: Watch the Skies	author	James Patterson and Ned Rust
Dangerous Girls	author	R. L. Stine
A Stranger to Command	author	Sherwood Smith
It's OK, I'm Wearing Really Big Knickers	author	Louise Rennison
Cartas Chilenas	author	Tomás António Gonzaga
VS	author	Keiko Yamada
Ratha's Courage	author	Clare Bell
Beyond the Shadows	author	Brent Weeks
The Morning News	author	Rosecrans Baldwin and Andrew Womack
Heroes of the Valley	author	Jonathan Stroud
The Forest King	author	Paul B. Thompson
Kapitan Sino	author	Bob Ong
Ang Paboritong Libro ni Hudas	author	Bob Ong
Audition	author	Ryu Murakami
Gossip Cop	author	Michael Lewittes , Dan Abrams , Daniel Jacobson
Up Till Now	author	William Shatner with David Fisher
Fight Club	author	Chuck Palahniuk
Freedom	author	Jonathan Franzen
Uncle	author	J. P. Martin
Uncle and Claudius the Camel	author	J. P. Martin
Uncle and the Treacle Trouble	author	J. P. Martin
Uncle and the Battle for Badgertown	author	J. P. Martin
In the President's Secret Service	author	Ronald Kessler
Bazaar-e-Husn	author	Munshi Premchand
Christina's Ghost	author	Betty Ren Wright
Dancing the Dream	author	Michael Jackson
Splendor: A Luxe Novel	author	Anna Godbersen
Sense and Sensibility and Sea Monsters	author	Ben H. Winters
Who We Are: A Citizen's Manifesto	author	Rudyard Griffiths
Witness Against the Beast	author	E. P. Thompson
Thirteen Reasons Why	author	Jay Asher
Thesixtyone	author	James Miao, Samuel Hsiung
Servant of the Dragon	author	David Drake
Ōkami Kakushi	author	Konami
Bonk: The Curious Coupling of Science and Sex	author	Mary Roach
The Cater Street Hangman	author	Anne Perry
Rediscovery	author	Marion Zimmer Bradley
Rediscovery	author	Mercedes Lackey
The Anatomy of Desire	author	John L'Heureux
Exchange Value	author	Charles R. Johnson
In the Penny Arcade	author	Steven Millhauser
The Death of Bunny Munro	author	Nick Cave
Home from the Hill	author	William Humphrey
Tricks	author	Ellen Hopkins
Getting to Yes	author	Roger Fisher and William L. Ury; and Bruce Patton in some editions
Vampire Academy	author	Richelle Mead
The Heel of Achilles: Essays 1968–1973	author	Arthur Koestler
The Business of Dying	author	Simon Kernick
The Infinities	author	John Banville
The Millionaire Mind	author	Thomas J. Stanley
Einstein's Monsters	author	Martin Amis
Pretzel	author	Margret Rey
Blue Sheep Reverie	author	Makoto Tateno
Soldier of the Mist	author	Gene Wolfe
Blood Lines	author	Ruth Rendell
When the Legends Die	author	Hal Borland
Crack'd Pot Trail	author	Steven Erikson
This River Awakens	author	Steven Erikson
An Introduction to Zen Buddhism	author	D.T. Suzuki
A Natural History of Rape	author	Randy Thornhill, Craig T. Palmer
Arthur Koestler	author	Mark Levene
The Other Side: The Secret Relationship Between Nazism and Zionism	author	Mahmoud Abbas
A Dubious Legacy	author	Mary Wesley
Arthur Koestler: The Story of a Friendship	author	George Mikes
The Rehearsal	author	Eleanor Catton
Second Fiddle	author	Mary Wesley
Kimagure Orange Road	author	Izumi Matsumoto
Freddy Rides Again	author	Walter R. Brooks
Between Hope and History	author	Bill Clinton
Freddy and Mr. Camphor	author	Walter R. Brooks
Freddy and the Men from Mars	author	Walter R. Brooks
The Virgin in the Ice	author	Ellis Peters
Myngle	author	Marina Tognetti, Egbert van Keulen, Danilo da Silva, Valter Stoiani
The Early Stories: 1953–1975	author	John Updike
Freddy the Magician	author	Walter R. Brooks
Nura: Rise of the Yokai Clan	author	Hiroshi Shiibashi
World Encyclopedia of Dinosaurs & Prehistoric Creatures	author	Dougal Dixon
Dinosaurs	author	Thomas R. Holtz Jr.
Dinosaurs	author	Luis Rey
Bluestar's Prophecy	author	Erin Hunter
Feathered Dinosaurs: The Origin of Birds	author	John A. Long & Peter Schouten
Dogs: Their Fossil Relatives and Evolutionary History	author	Xiaoming Wang and Richard H. Tedford
Mammoths, Sabertooths, and Hominids	author	Jordi Agustí and Mauricio Antón
Atlas of the Prehistoric World	author	Douglas Palmer
Dinosaur Encyclopedia	author	Jayne Parsons
In the Presence of Dinosaurs	author	John Colagrande
In the Presence of Dinosaurs	author	Larry Felder
The Simon & Schuster Encyclopedia of Dinosaurs and Prehistoric Creatures	author	Barry Cox
The Simon & Schuster Encyclopedia of Dinosaurs and Prehistoric Creatures	author	Colin Harrison
The Simon & Schuster Encyclopedia of Dinosaurs and Prehistoric Creatures	author	R.J.G. Savage
The Simon & Schuster Encyclopedia of Dinosaurs and Prehistoric Creatures	author	Linnean Society of London
The Simon & Schuster Encyclopedia of Dinosaurs and Prehistoric Creatures	author	Douglas Palmer
The Castle of Adventure	author	Enid Blyton
Matters of the Heart	author	Danielle Steel
What They Did to Princess Paragon	author	Robert Rodi
Blue Moon	author	Alyson Noël
Dragons of the Hourglass Mage	author	Tracy Hickman and Margaret Weis
Mind Siege	author	David Noebel
Mind Siege	author	Tim LaHaye
A Catskill Eagle	author	Robert B. Parker
Death Troopers	author	Joe Schreiber
NYCAviation	author	Phil Derner Jr., founder and Matt Molnar, editor in chief
My Soul Is Rested	author	Howell Raines
A Wizard of Mars	author	Diane Duane
The Idea of Justice	author	Amartya Sen
A New Christianity for a New World	author	John Shelby Spong
Blood Ties	author	Sophie McKenzie
Cambodia, Pol Pot, and the United States	author	Michael Haas
Freddy and the Baseball Team from Mars	author	Walter R. Brooks
The Artist's Widow	author	Shena Mackay
Scum of the Earth	author	Arthur Koestler
The Lamplighter	author	Maria Susanna Cummins
The Man from Pomegranate Street	author	Caroline Lawrence
Amazing Grace	author	Danielle Steel
Southern Lights	author	Danielle Steel
Bungalow 2	author	Danielle Steel
H.R.H.	author	Danielle Steel
Coming Out	author	Danielle Steel
Sisters	author	Danielle Steel
The Spook's Sacrifice	author	Joseph Delaney
The House	author	Danielle Steel
Family Ties	author	Danielle Steel
Prehistoric Journey: A History of Life on Earth	author	Kirk R Johnson
Prehistoric Journey: A History of Life on Earth	author	Richard Stucky
Miracle	author	Danielle Steel
Toxic Bachelors	author	Danielle Steel
Adrian Mole: The Prostrate Years	author	Sue Townsend
Impossible	author	Danielle Steel
Echoes	author	Danielle Steel
The Dinosauria	author	David B. Weishampel
The Dinosauria	author	Peter Dodson
The Dinosauria	author	Halszka Osmólska
Invenio	author	CERN
Safe Harbour	author	Danielle Steel
National Geographic Prehistoric Mammals	author	Alan Turner
Oceans of Kansas	author	Michael J. Everhart
Ransom	author	Danielle Steel
Grace and Truth	author	Jennifer Johnston
Ursule Mirouët	author	Honoré de Balzac
 Mormon	author	John Dehlin, Brian Johnston, Ray Degraw, et al.
Hot Springs	author	Stephen Hunter
The Last Pope	author	Luís Miguel Rocha
Through the Valley of the Nest of Spiders	author	Samuel R. Delany
Martian Time-Slip	author	Philip K. Dick
The Art of Keeping Cool	author	Janet Taylor Lisle
A Double Barrelled Detective Story	author	Mark Twain
The Magicians	author	Lev Grossman
Cinderalla	author	Junko Mizuno
A Sensible Life	author	Mary Wesley
Kaze ga Gotoku	author	Hideyuki Yonehara
The British Film Catalogue	author	Denis Gifford
César Birotteau	author	Honoré de Balzac
NextGen Player	author	Paul Hunter, Andrew Shin and Matthew Vernhout
Conan the Outcast	author	Leonard Carpenter
A Troubled Peace	author	L.M. Elliott
Hot Air	author	Michelle Malkin
The Great Nebraska Sea	author	Allan Danzig
Steeluniversity.org	author	World Steel Association, MATTER , University of Liverpool
Shipwreck	author	John Fowles
The Guardian	author	Nicholas Sparks
Amber and Blood	author	Margaret Weis
The Quest of Kadji	author	Lin Carter
Worlds of Weber	author	David Weber
Wyst: Alastor 1716	author	Jack Vance
A Horse's Tale	author	Mark Twain
23 Hours	author	David Wellington
Vampire Zero	author	David Wellington
Pavane for a Dead Girl	author	Koge-Donbo
Competitors	author	Sergei Lukyanenko
30 Boxes	author	Narendra Rocherolle
30 Boxes	author	Nick Wilder
30 Boxes	author	Julie Davidson
The Wallypug of Why	author	G. E. Farrow
The World that was Ours	author	Hilda Bernstein
Up Country	author	Nelson DeMille
Saplings	author	Noel Streatfeild
Portrait of Jennie	author	Robert Nathan
The Depths of Time	author	Roger MacBride Allen
What Dreams May Come	author	Manly Wade Wellman
Half a Life	author	Kir Bulychov
The Raistlin Chronicles	author	Margaret Weis
The Raistlin Chronicles	author	Margaret Weis and Don Perrin
The Dogs Bark	author	Truman Capote
Jinnah: India, Partition, Independence	author	Jaswant Singh
Crusade	author	Elizabeth Laird
Un début dans la vie	author	Honoré de Balzac
Star Trek	author	Alan Dean Foster
99 Fables	author	William March
Behind the Mirror: A Search for a Natural History of Human Knowledge	author	Konrad Lorenz
Jupiter's Travels	author	Ted Simon
Cheerful Weather for the Wedding	author	Julia Strachey
A Touch of Dead	author	Charlaine Harris
Smiles to Go	author	Jerry Spinelli
October Island	author	William March
An Imaginative Experience	author	Mary Wesley
Code of the Krillitanes	author	Justin Richards
Oberon Old and New	author	Anthony Burgess
Three Dollars	author	Elliot Perlman
Childhood Memories	author	Ion Creangă
CBC.ca	author	Canadian Broadcasting Corporation
Saint Peter's Fair	author	Ellis Peters
American Freedom and Catholic Power	author	Paul Blanshard
Look at the Birdie	author	Kurt Vonnegut
Mel Kano	author	Oshima Towa
Taking On the System	author	Markos Moulitsas
Adobe FreeHand	author	Altsys Corporation
Knight Crusader	author	Ronald Welch
The Ray-Gun: A Love Story	author	James Alan Gardner
Exhalation	author	Ted Chiang
From Babel's Fall'n Glory We Fled	author	Michael Swanwick
The Gambler	author	Paolo Bacigalupi
Daaku	author	Ranj Dhaliwal
Z. Marcas	author	Honoré de Balzac
Teppu	author	Moare Oota
The Wizard of Linn	author	A. E. van Vogt
Of Walking In Ice	author	Werner Herzog
Fairy Tales Told for Children. First Collection.	author	Hans Christian Andersen
Rica 'tte Kanji!%3F	author	Rica Takashima
Twitter Power	author	Joel Comm
When It Was Dark	author	Guy Thorne
A Horse for Mandy	author	Lurlene McDaniel
Part of the Furniture	author	Mary Wesley
Insectivorous Plants	author	Charles Darwin
South of Broad	author	Pat Conroy
Angel Time	author	Anne Rice
The Justice of God in the Damnation of Sinners	author	Jonathan Edwards
Knulp	author	Hermann Hesse
The Nature of True Virtue	author	Jonathan Edwards
Black Tears	author	L. Sprague de Camp and Lin Carter
Keep on the Borderlands	author	Ru Emerson
The Mahabharata	author	R.K. Narayan
The Ramayana	author	R.K. Narayan
The Lair of the Ice Worm	author	L. Sprague de Camp and Lin Carter
For Better, For Worse, Forever	author	Lurlene McDaniel
The Emerald Route	author	R. K. Narayan
Farside Cannon	author	Roger MacBride Allen
My Dateless Diary	author	R. K. Narayan
Dragon Age: The Stolen Throne	author	David Gaider
Amazon Virtual Private Cloud	author	Amazon.com, Inc.
Next Sunday	author	R. K. Narayan
As Long as We Both Shall Live	author	Lurlene McDaniel
A Writer's Nightmare	author	R. K. Narayan
The Tomorrow People	author	Judith Merril
Papa Was a Preacher	author	Alyene Porter
Reluctant Guru	author	R. K. Narayan
Far Out	author	Damon Knight
Je voudrais pas crever	author	Boris Vian
The Seven Spiritual Laws of Success	author	Deepak Chopra
The Last Word	author	Damon Knight
Special Delivery	author	Damon Knight
Unbuilt America	author	Alison Sky, Michelle Stone
Last Night in Twisted River	author	John Irving
Grandmother's Tale	author	R. K. Narayan
Malgudi Days	author	R.K. Narayan
Not with a Bang	author	Damon Knight
Freddy Goes Camping	author	Walter R. Brooks
Zone Policeman 88	author	Harry A. Franck
The Law of Nines	author	Terry Goodkind
Sordello	author	Robert Browning
Ramayana	author	C. Rajagopalachari
Mahabharata	author	C. Rajagopalachari
A Princess of Landover	author	Terry Brooks
Coolie	author	Mulk Raj Anand
Untouchable	author	Mulk Raj Anand
The Private Life of an Indian Prince	author	Mulk Raj Anand
Freddy the Pilot	author	Walter R. Brooks
Legitimation Crisis	author	Jürgen Habermas
The Village	author	Mulk Raj Anand
Cirque du Freak	author	Darren Shan
Child's Play	author	Kia Abdullah
Two Leaves and a Bud	author	Mulk Raj Anand
The Variation of Animals and Plants under Domestication	author	Charles Darwin
Nothing More Than Murder	author	Jim Thompson
Mr. Wilson's Cabinet of Wonder	author	Lawrence Weschler
World Nuclear Industry Status Report	author	Mycle Schneider
World Nuclear Industry Status Report	author	Antony Froggatt
The Road to Middle-Earth	author	Tom Shippey
A Failure of Capitalism	author	Richard Posner
The Colorful Character	author	L. Sprague de Camp
Shams al-Ma'arif	author	Ahmad al-Buni
Oculus Sacerdotis	author	William of Pagula
Derby Girl	author	Shauna Cross
Homer & Langley	author	E. L. Doctorow
The Patience of the Spider	author	Andrea Camilleri
The Paper Moon	author	Andrea Camilleri
Stark Naked: A Paranomastic Odyssey	author	Norton Juster
The Sword and the Sickle	author	Mulk Raj Anand
The Grandmother's Tale and Selected Stories	author	R. K. Narayan
In Deep	author	Damon Knight
The Monsters of Templeton	author	Lauren Groff
A Thousand Tomorrows	author	Karen Kingsbury
Second Nature	author	Michael Pollan
True Compass	author	Edward M. Kennedy with Ron Powers, editor Jonathan Karp
Invisible Life	author	E. Lynn Harris
The City of Pleasure	author	Ezzat el Kamhawi
Last Shot	author	John Feinstein
How the Scots Invented the Modern World	author	Arthur L. Herman
Wt	author	Emweb
Mean Streets	author	Jim Butcher
Mean Streets	author	Kat Richardson
Mean Streets	author	Simon R. Green
Mean Streets	author	Thomas E. Sniegoski
The Primrose Ring	author	Ruth Sawyer
Some Came Running	author	James Jones
The Stone Raft	author	José Saramago
The Sending	author	Isobelle Carmody
Names in Marble	author	Albert Kivikas
Traité Élémentaire de Chimie	author	Antoine Lavoisier
The Rabbits Who Caused All the Trouble	author	James Thurber
Juliet, Naked	author	Nick Hornby
You're Another	author	Damon Knight
Delicate Edible Birds	author	Lauren Groff
Wedge: The Secret War between the FBI and CIA	author	Mark Riebling
The Disney Version	author	Richard Schickel
In Mortal Hands	author	Stephanie Cooke
The Stolen Lake	author	Joan Aiken
Monsters	author	A. E. van Vogt
The Sanctuary Sparrow	author	Ellis Peters
The Life of David Brainerd	author	Jonathan Edwards
A Dissertation Concerning the End for Which God Created the World	author	Jonathan Edwards
Creepers	author	David Morrell
Milking The Rhino	author	Chris Rush
2 States: The Story of My Marriage	author	Chetan Bhagat
Legal Education and the Reproduction of Hierarchy	author	Duncan Kennedy
Forbidden Archeology	author	Michael A. Cremo
Forbidden Archeology	author	Richard L. Thompson
61 Hours	author	Lee Child
The Guard	author	Ezzat el Kamhawi
Freddy the Pied Piper	author	Walter R. Brooks
Rookwood	author	William Harrison Ainsworth
MS	author	Computer Sciences Corporation
Bit-Twist	author	Addy Yeow Chin Heng
The Cry of the Halidon	author	Robert Ludlum
Tenth Grade Bleeds	author	Heather Brewer
Twelfth Grade Kills	author	Zac Brewer
Eleventh Grade Burns	author	Zac Brewer
Loon Lake	author	E. L. Doctorow
Makes the Whole World Kin	author	O. Henry
Veracity	author	Laura Bynum
Tropic Moon	author	Georges Simenon
Rivers of Babylon	author	Peter Pišťanek
Hoshiuta	author	Fumio
Angel	author	U-Jin
Tornado	author	FriendFeed
The Collected Ghost Stories of M. R. James	author	M. R. James
A Thin Ghost and Others	author	M. R. James
A Warning to the Curious and Other Ghost Stories	author	M. R. James
Runt	author	Marion Dane Bauer
Red Colored Elegy	author	Seiichi Hayashi
Hominid	author	Klaus Ebner
The Very Thought of You	author	Rosie Alison
August Heat	author	Andrea Camilleri
The Sound of Fishsteps	author	Buket Uzuner
The Quest Begins	author	Erin Hunter
Stranger with My Face	author	Lois Duncan
Child of All Nations	author	Pramoedya Ananta Toer
Fossil	author	D. Richard Hipp
Time Enough	author	Damon Knight
Birds of America	author	Lorrie Moore
Le Maintien de l’ordre	author	Claude Ollier
Liberal Democrat Voice	author	Robin Fenwick
Ubuntu Software Center	author	Canonical Ltd. / Ubuntu Foundation
Thing of Beauty	author	Damon Knight
Search the Sky	author	Frederik Pohl
Search the Sky	author	Cyril M. Kornbluth
The Enemy	author	Damon Knight
WebGL	author	Mozilla Foundation
The Cream of the Jest	author	James Branch Cabell
Blues People	author	Amiri Baraka
Osiris Rising	author	Ayi Kwei Armah
Topic Continuity in Discourse	author	Talmy Givón
Monsters of Men	author	Patrick Ness
Sozaboy: A Novel in Rotten English	author	Ken Saro-Wiwa
Freddy and the Ignormus	author	Walter R. Brooks
An Awfully Big Adventure	author	Beryl Bainbridge
Becoming Batman: The Possibility of a Superhero	author	E. Paul Zehr
Acacia: The Other Lands	author	David Anthony Durham
Basil	author	Wilkie Collins
Out of the Ashes	author	William W. Johnstone
A Grass Rope	author	William Mayne
Book of Enchantments	author	Patricia Wrede
The Anome	author	Jack Vance
Mieru Hito	author	Toshiaki Iwashiro
The Collected Poems of Freddy the Pig	author	Walter R. Brooks
EGL	author	Khronos Group
Chaplin: A Life	author	Stephen M. Weissman
The Pyramid. The Soviet Mafia	author	Telman Gdlyan, Evgeny Dodolev
New Writings in SF 23	author	edited by  Kenneth Bulmer
You Better Not Cry	author	Augusten Burroughs
The Unparalleled Invasion	author	Jack London
Urbatagirk	author	Hakob Meghapart
Freddy and the Dragon	author	Walter R. Brooks
End the Fed	author	Ron Paul
GNOME Disks	author	Red Hat
Stargazer	author	Patrick Carman
The Arctic Home in the Vedas	author	Bal Gangadhar Tilak
Towers of Midnight	author	Robert Jordan and Brandon Sanderson
Aspects of the Theory of Syntax	author	Noam Chomsky
Get Happy: The Life of Judy Garland	author	Gerald Clarke
Free Love and Other Stories	author	Ali Smith
Kir Ianulea	author	Ion Luca Caragiale
Dimiter	author	William Peter Blatty
Les clefs de babel	author	Carina Rozenfeld
Lectures on Government and Binding	author	Noam Chomsky
A Week in December	author	Sebastian Faulks
Keynes: The Return of the Master	author	Robert Skidelsky
Corsair	author	Clive Cussler
Corsair	author	Jack Du Brul
Jæger – i krig med eliten	author	Thomas Rathsack
The Red Wolf Conspiracy	author	Robert V.S. Redick
Freddy and the Bean Home News	author	Walter R. Brooks
Stuck In Neutral	author	Terry Trueman
Fablehaven: Keys to the Demon Prison	author	Brandon Mull
Google Fast Flip	author	Google
Measle and the Dragodon	author	Ian Ogilvy
New Writings in SF 24	author	edited by  Kenneth Bulmer
Shoggoths in Bloom	author	Elizabeth Bear
Transition	author	Iain Banks
No Cross, No Crown	author	William Penn
Habrahabr	author	Denis Kryuchkov
An Echo in the Bone	author	Diana Gabaldon
Wolf Guy	author	Kazumasa Hirai
Wolf Guy	author	Yoshiaki Tabata
American on Purpose	author	Craig Ferguson
Hide-and-Seek	author	Arthur C. Clarke
Google Sidewiki	author	Google
Only the Super-Rich Can Save Us!	author	Ralph Nader
Mencius	author	Mencius
New Writings in SF 21	author	edited by  John Carnell
Finished	author	L. Sprague de Camp
The Alabaster Staff	author	Edward Bolme
The Black Bouquet	author	Richard Lee Byers
The Crimson Gold	author	Voronica Whitney-Robinson
The Yellow Silk	author	Don Bassingthwaite
Galileo's Dream	author	Kim Stanley Robinson
Missing Person	author	Patrick Modiano
The Nazi Officer's Wife	author	Edith Hahn-Beer
Wikmani poisid	author	Jaan Kross
Barack and Michelle	author	Christopher Andersen
Double Deuce	author	Robert B. Parker
An Empire of Their Own	author	Neal Gabler
Tituba of Salem Village	author	Ann Petry
Journals of Ayn Rand	author	Ayn Rand
Vampirates: Empire of Night	author	Justin Somper
Life of William Blake	author	Alexander Gilchrist
Warau Michael	author	Izumi Kawahara
Arguing with Idiots	author	Glenn Beck
Alex Cross's Trial	author	James Patterson and Richard DiLallo
The Winner	author	David Baldacci
Vigil in the Night	author	A. J. Cronin
The Valorous Years	author	A. J. Cronin
Lost World	author	Osamu Tezuka
Ship of Destiny	author	Robin Hobb
Going Rogue	author	Sarah Palin with Lynn Vincent, editor Adam Bellow
New Writings in SF 13	author	edited by  John Carnell
New Writings in SF 14	author	edited by  John Carnell
Off Center	author	Damon Knight
Search for a Method	author	Jean-Paul Sartre
Home Is the Sailor	author	Jorge Amado
Shakespeare Wrote for Money	author	Nick Hornby
Zorgamazoo	author	Robert Paul Weston
A Nest of Occasionals	author	Tony Martin
Fearless	author	Tim Lott
Sanctified and Chicken Fried	author	Joe R. Lansdale
Project 17	author	Laurie Faria Stolarz
Fair Land, Fair Land	author	A. B. Guthrie, Jr.
Ayu no Deji Deji Nikki	author	Ayumi Hamasaki
The Pregnant Widow	author	Martin Amis
All in a Lifetime	author	Frank Buck
All in a Lifetime	author	Ferrin Fraser
Ordinary Thunderstorms	author	William Boyd
Just Don't Make a Scene, Mum!	author	Rosie Rushton
On Jungle Trails	author	Frank Buck
On Jungle Trails	author	Ferrin Fraser
Kobo, the Li'l Rascal	author	Masashi Ueda
Jedhe Shakawali	author	Jedhes
The New American Diet	author	Stephen Perrine with Heather Hurlock
The 10 Big Lies About America	author	Michael Medved
Van Morrison: No Surrender	author	Johnny Rogan
Super Radical Gag Family	author	Kenji Hamaoka
Jedhe Karina	author	Jedhes
À vendre	author	Guy de Maupassant
I Think I'll Just Curl Up and Die!	author	Rosie Rushton
What a Week Omnibus Books 4-6	author	Rosie Rushton
What a Week Omnibus Books 1-3	author	Rosie Rushton
The Tao of Wu	author	RZA
The Tao of Wu	author	Chris Norris
A Child Is Born	author	Lennart Nilsson
Madhouse: A Tragic Tale of Megalomania and Modern Medicine	author	Andrew Scull
Kat Kong	author	Dav Pilkey
Sunset on Third Street	author	Ryōhei Saigan
How Could You Do This to Me, Mum%3F	author	Rosie Rushton
Does Anyone Ever Listen%3F	author	Rosie Rushton
Lustrum	author	Robert Harris
Oh. My. Gods.	author	Tera Lynn Childs
Andromeda Klein	author	Frank Portman
The Godly Man's Picture	author	Thomas Watson
The Secrets of Love	author	Rosie Rushton
What a Week to Risk it All	author	Rosie Rushton
The German Lesson	author	Siegfried Lenz
Summer of Secrets	author	Rosie Rushton
A Footnote to History: Eight Years of Trouble in Samoa	author	Robert Louis Stevenson
The People, Yes	author	Carl Sandburg
A Morbid Taste for Bones	author	Ellis Peters
Atta	author	Francis Rufus Bellamy
Jacob's Rescue	author	Malka Drucker and Michael Halperin
Storyteller	author	Leslie Marmon Silko
The Storyteller	author	Mario Vargas Llosa
36 Children	author	Herbert Kohl
The Defence of the Realm	author	Christopher Andrew
A Certain Scientific Railgun	author	Kazuma Kamachi
Psychology of the Unconscious	author	Carl Jung
Now They Call Me Infidel	author	Nonie Darwish
Cruel and Usual Punishment	author	Nonie Darwish
High Vacuum	author	Charles Eric Maine
Freddy and Simon the Dictator	author	Walter R. Brooks
Septimus Heap: The Magykal Papers	author	Angie Sage
A Colossal Failure of Common Sense	author	Lawrence G. McDonald
A Colossal Failure of Common Sense	author	Patrick Robinson
Van Morrison: Too Late to Stop Now	author	Steve Turner
Wolf: The Journey Home	author	'Asta Bowen
Our Father Who Art in the Tree	author	Judy Pascoe
The King of the Elves	author	Philip K. Dick
Report to the Principal's Office	author	Jerry Spinelli
Timeliner	author	Charles Eric Maine
The Naked Communist	author	W. Cleon Skousen
Dead in the Family	author	Charlaine Harris
Mounting Fears	author	Stuart Woods
Mystery	author	Peter Straub
Mach 1: A Story of Planet Ionus	author	Allen Adler
The Ring Volume 0: Birthday	author	Hiroshi Takahashi
In Broad Daylight	author	Harry N. MacLean
Know Your Meme	author	Rocketboom
New York Dead	author	Stuart Woods
Swimming to Catalina	author	Stuart Woods
Dead in the Water	author	Stuart Woods
Isaiah Eleven	author	Jesse Childs
Cut Numbers	author	Nick Tosches
Freezing	author	Lim Dall-young
Freezing	author	Dall-Young Lim
Camera, Camera, Camera	author	Kazura Matsumoto
Clear Skies!	author	Akira Sugano
The God Boy	author	Ian Cross
Best Friends Together	author	Rosie Rushton
Best Friends Getting Sorted	author	Rosie Rushton
Flaws in the Glass	author	Patrick White
The Patron Saint of Butterflies	author	Cecilia Galante
Dulcie and Decorum	author	Damon Knight
Her Fearful Symmetry	author	Audrey Niffenegger
The Junior Officers' Reading Club	author	Patrick Hennessey
Half the Sky	author	Sheryl WuDunn
Half the Sky	author	Nicholas Kristof
The Land of Green Plums	author	Herta Müller
The Unincorporated Man	author	Dani Kollin and Eytan Kollin
Best Friends in Love	author	Rosie Rushton
Total chaos	author	Jean-Claude Izzo
Solea	author	Jean-Claude Izzo
Chourmo	author	Jean-Claude Izzo
What a Week to Get Real	author	Rosie Rushton
Frankensteins of Fraud	author	Joseph T. Wells
Montecore: The Silence of the Tiger	author	Jonas Hassen Khemiri
The Secret Life of Salvador Dalí	author	Salvador Dalí
The Five Thousand Year Leap	author	W. Cleon Skousen
New York	author	Edward Rutherfurd
The Sundowners	author	Jon Cleary
Hi no Sakana	author	Murō Saisei
Requiem for a Fish	author	Christine Adamo
XDM: X-Treme Dungeon Mastery	author	Tracy Hickman
XDM: X-Treme Dungeon Mastery	author	Curtis Hickman
Mashiroiro Symphony	author	Palette
In the Hand of Dante	author	Nick Tosches
This Book Is Not Good for You	author	Pseudonymous Bosch
The Last Opium Den	author	Nick Tosches
Eight Months on Ghazzah Street	author	Hilary Mantel
The Birds of Haiti and the Dominican Republic	author	Alexander Wetmore & Bradshaw H. Swales
Melodies and Guns	author	Megan Kachari
New Writings in SF 20	author	edited by  John Carnell
Point Omega	author	Don DeLillo
New Writings in SF 19	author	edited by  John Carnell
Power on Earth	author	Nick Tosches
Dino	author	Nick Tosches
Impossible Motherhood	author	Irene Vilar
Where Dead Voices Gather	author	Nick Tosches
The Devil and Sonny Liston	author	Nick Tosches
The QI Book of the Dead	author	John Lloyd
The QI Book of the Dead	author	John Mitchinson
New Writings in SF 17	author	edited by  John Carnell
New Writings in SF 18	author	edited by  John Carnell
Destry Rides Again	author	Max Brand
The Quiet War	author	Paul J. McAuley
Touch the Dark	author	Karen Chance
Dreams of My Russian Summers	author	Andrei Makine
S	author	Saki Aida
The Prince's Act	author	Amélie Nothomb
Social Theory of International Politics	author	Alexander Wendt
A Girl and Five Brave Horses	author	Sonora Webster Carver
My Darling, My Hamburger	author	Paul Zindel
Pardon Me, You're Stepping on My Eyeball!	author	Paul Zindel
New Writings in SF 16	author	edited by  John Carnell
New Writings in SF 15	author	edited by  John Carnell
Sullam al-sama'	author	Jamshid Kashani
Lost Souls	author	Dean Koontz
The first tome or volume of the Paraphrase of Erasmus vpon the newe testamente	author	Nicholas Udall
Guardians of Being	author	Eckhart Tolle
Ancient Wisdom, Modern World	author	14
New Writings in SF 25	author	edited by  Kenneth Bulmer
New Writings in SF 26	author	edited by  Kenneth Bulmer
Aladore	author	Henry Newbolt
Wreckamovie	author	Timo Vuorensola
Sherlock Holmes Was Wrong	author	Pierre Bayard
The Age of Wonder	author	Richard Holmes
Glorifying Terrorism	author	Farah Mendlesohn
The Face of Jizo	author	Hisashi Inoue
Republican Belfast: a political tourist's guide	author	Rab Kerr
Breaking and Entering	author	H.R.F. Keating
The Surge: A Military History	author	Kimberly Kagan
King of the Jews	author	Nick Tosches
A Secular Age	author	Charles Taylor
Pages Stained with Blood	author	Indira Goswami
The Man from Chinnamasta	author	Indira Goswami
Sour Sweet	author	Timothy Mo
Beneath the City Streets	author	Peter Laurie
They Used Dark Forces	author	Dennis Wheatley
Executive Power	author	Vince Flynn
The Leopards who have Run with Me	author	Bijan Najdi
The Literature of Australian Birds	author	Hubert Whittell
The Necromancer: The Secrets of the Immortal Nicholas Flamel	author	Michael Scott
Carcase for Hounds	author	Meja Mwangi
SuperFreakonomics	author	Steven Levitt
SuperFreakonomics	author	Stephen J. Dubner
Olivia	author	Rosie Rushton
New Writings in SF 27	author	edited by  Kenneth Bulmer
New Writings in SF 28	author	edited by  Kenneth Bulmer
The 50th Law	author	Robert Greene
The 50th Law	author	50 Cent
La Révolution Wikipédia	author	Pierre Gourdain, Florence O'Kelly, Béatrice Roman-Amat, Delphine Soulas, Tassilo von Droste zu Hülshoff
The Pigman's Legacy	author	Paul Zindel
From Anna	author	Jean Little
The Help	author	Kathryn Stockett
Birds of Western Australia	author	Dominic Serventy
Birds of Western Australia	author	Hubert Whittell
Yumeiro Patissiere	author	Natsumi Matsumoto
Jōō	author	Ryō Kurashina
How to See Yourself as You Really Are	author	Tenzin Gyatso, 14th Dalai Lama
New Writings in SF 29	author	edited by  Kenneth Bulmer
New Writings in SF 30	author	edited by  Kenneth Bulmer
The Shrinking Man	author	Richard Matheson
The Elder Scrolls: The Infernal City	author	Greg Keyes
700 Sundays	author	Billy Crystal
The Handbook of Australian Sea-birds	author	Dominic Serventy
The Handbook of Australian Sea-birds	author	Vincent Serventy
The Handbook of Australian Sea-birds	author	John Warham
Introduction to the Science of Hadith	author	Ibn al-Salah
Driving Like Crazy	author	P. J. ORourke
A Culture of Conspiracy	author	Michael Barkun
1587, a Year of No Significance	author	Ray Huang
Budayeen Nights	author	George Alec Effinger
Budayeen Nights	author	Barbara Hambly
What Bird is That%3F	author	Neville William Cayley
The Birds of the District of Geelong, Australia	author	Charles Frederic Belcher
In Too Deep	author	Jude Watson
The Bell at Sealey Head	author	Patricia A. McKillip
The Church and the Homosexual	author	John J. McNeill
In the Forests of Serre	author	Patricia A. McKillip
Peter and the Sword of Mercy	author	Dave Barry
Peter and the Sword of Mercy	author	Ridley Pearson
Castle Dor	author	Daphne du Maurier
Castle Dor	author	Arthur Quiller-Couch
A Village Lost and Found	author	Brian May and Elena Vidal
Memorial Day	author	Vince Flynn
Handbook to the Birds of Australia	author	John Gould
Bring 'Em Back Alive	author	Frank Buck
Bring 'Em Back Alive	author	Edward Anthony
Finding H.F.	author	Julia Watts
The Library Card	author	Jerry Spinelli
The Blue Star	author	Fletcher Pratt
Barbary	author	Vonda McIntyre
Od Magic	author	Patricia A. McKillip
The Best of Science Fiction	author	Edited by Groff Conklin
Lad, A Dog	author	Albert Payson Terhune
The Virginians	author	William Makepeace Thackeray
Filthy Lucre: Economics for People Who Hate Capitalism	author	Joseph Heath
Triumphs of a Taxidermist	author	H. G. Wells
Tête-à-tête	author	Hazel Rowley
The Battle for God	author	Karen Armstrong
Bird Life	author	Ian Rowley
Kittyhawk Down	author	Garry Disher
Lavengro	author	George Borrow
The Pocket Book of Boners	author	Dr. Seuss
La Bible amusante	author	Léo Taxil
Molecular Biology of the Cell	author	Bruce Alberts, Alexander Johnson, Julian Lewis, David Morgan, Martin Raff, Keith Roberts, Peter Walter
A Strange and Mystifying Story	author	Tsuta Suzuki
Krondor: The Assassins	author	Raymond E. Feist
Marginal	author	Moto Hagio
AIA Guide to New York City	author	Norval White, Elliot Willensky, and Fran Leadon
The Leper of Saint Giles	author	Ellis Peters
My Only King	author	Lily Hoshino
WorkNC	author	Sescoi
Rollie's Follies	author	Rollie Fingers and Yellowstone Ritter
Eating the Dinosaur	author	Chuck Klosterman
Chinese Handcuffs	author	Chris Crutcher
Deadline	author	Chris Crutcher
On the Sacred Disease	author	Hippocrates
Departures	author	Harry Turtledove
Kaleidoscope	author	Harry Turtledove
A Mind at Peace	author	Ahmet Hamdi Tanpınar
A Web of Air	author	Philip Reeve
Love Quest	author	Lily Hoshino
Welcome to Wakaba-Soh	author	Chako Abeno
Celandine	author	Steve Augarde
What the Dog Saw	author	Malcolm Gladwell
A Fine and Private Place	author	Peter S. Beagle
The Fortune at the Bottom of the Pyramid	author	C. K. Prahalad
Room Full of Mirrors	author	Charles R. Cross
A World to Win	author	Jack Conroy
The Mallee-Fowl	author	Harold James Frith
Skulduggery Pleasant: Dark Days	author	Derek Landy
Someday This Pain Will Be Useful to You	author	Peter Cameron
The Well of the Unicorn	author	Fletcher Pratt
A Field Guide to Australian Birds	author	Peter Slater
The Last Will of a Russian Fascist	author	Konstantin Rodzaevsky
Star Wars: Crosscurrent	author	Paul S. Kemp
Love, Lies and Lizzie	author	Rosie Rushton
The Task	author	William Cowper
Break Point	author	Rosie Rushton
Attica	author	Garry Kilworth
The Indian Clerk	author	David Leavitt
Divorce Busting	author	Michele Weiner-Davis
Makers	author	Cory Doctorow
A People's History of American Empire	author	Howard Zinn, Paul Buhle, Mike Konopacki, Dave Wagner, Kathy Wilkes
The Children's Book	author	A. S. Byatt
The Cat Who Went Bananas	author	Lilian Jackson Braun
Gypsy Breynton	author	Elizabeth Stuart Phelps Ward
Kraken	author	China Miéville
To Have and to Hold	author	Deborah Moggach
Book Lust	author	Nancy Pearl
A World to Win	author	Upton Sinclair
Peter & Max: A Fables Novel	author	Bill Willingham
Freddy the Politician	author	Walter R. Brooks
One in Three Hundred	author	J. T. McIntosh
Human Capital Supply Chain	author	Tim Giehl and Sara Moss
How to Build a Robot Army	author	Daniel H. Wilson
Where's My Jetpack%3F	author	Daniel H. Wilson
The Mad Scientist Hall of Fame	author	Daniel H. Wilson and Anna C. Long
Jean's Way	author	Derek Humphry
Premium Harmony	author	Stephen King
Whole Earth Discipline	author	Stewart Brand
Songs My Mother Never Taught Me	author	Selçuk Altun
Many and Many a Year Ago	author	Selçuk Altun
John Cotton's Birds of the Port Phillip District of New South Wales 1843-1849	author	Allan Reginald McEvey
Burned	author	P.C. Cast
Burned	author	Kristin Cast
The Persecutor	author	Sergei Kourdakov
War and Peace in the Global Village	author	Marshall McLuhan
War and Peace in the Global Village	author	Quentin Fiore
The Mechanical Bride	author	Marshall McLuhan
Living with the Dead	author	Kelley Armstrong
The Awakening	author	Kelley Armstrong
The Reckoning	author	Kelley Armstrong
A Field Guide to Nests and Eggs of Australian Birds	author	Gordon Beruldsen
Eat or Be Eaten	author	Jinko Fuyuno
L'Etoile Solitaire	author	Yuno Ogami
The Way of Kings	author	Brandon Sanderson
The Hawk and the Dove	author	Nicholas Thompson
The War That Came Early	author	Harry Turtledove
Blue Sky	author	Yuko Kuwabara
Sharin no Kuni, Himawari no Shōjo	author	Akabeisoft2
Music, Thought, and Feeling	author	William Forde Thompson
Germany's Aims in the First World War	author	Fritz Fischer
Invisible	author	Paul Auster
Quantum	author	Manjit Kumar
The Bone Church	author	Stephen King
Shadow Kiss	author	Richelle Mead
The Ornithology of Australia	author	Silvester Diggles
The Unconquerable World	author	Jonathan Schell
Johannes Cabal the Necromancer	author	Jonathan L. Howard
Rage: A Love Story	author	Julie Anne Peters
The Three Ages of the Interior Life	author	Reginald Garrigou-Lagrange
International Internet Preservation Consortium	author	National Library of New Zealand
International Internet Preservation Consortium	author	British Library
Ash Road	author	Ivan Southall
Death Note Another Note: The Los Angeles BB Murder Cases	author	Nisio Isin
Akaboshi: Ibun Suikoden	author	Yōichi Amano
The Chymical Wedding	author	Lindsay Clarke
This Misery of Boots	author	H. G. Wells
Turning On	author	Damon Knight
SeeSaw	author	Arqiva
Laurel's Kitchen	author	Laurel Robertson, Carol Flinders, Bronwen Godfrey ; Laurel Robertson, Carol Flinders, Brian Ruppenthal
Twenties Girl	author	Sophie Kinsella
Shyster	author	James Popple
Can You Keep a Secret%3F	author	Sophie Kinsella
Alley of First Love	author	Ellie Mamahara
Sharp Teeth	author	Toby Barlow
Democracies: Patterns of Majoritarian & Consensus Government in Twenty-one Countries	author	Arend Lijphart
A Promise of Romance	author	Kyoko Akitsu
Manituana	author	Wu Ming Foundation
The Galoshes of Fortune	author	Hans Christian Andersen
The Undomestic Goddess	author	Sophie Kinsella
The Birds of Australia	author	Gregory Mathews
Heroes in the Wind	author	Robert E. Howard
All You Need Is Kill	author	Hiroshi Sakurazaka
The Gangster We Are All Looking For	author	Lê thi diem thúy
Song of the Mysteries	author	Janny Wurts
The Canon	author	Natalie Angier
Gekashitsu	author	Kyōka Izumi
Blu's Hanging	author	Lois-Ann Yamanaka
The Devil Within	author	Ryō Takagi
The Viper's Nest	author	Peter Lerangis
The One Minute Manager	author	Ken Blanchard
The Bishop's Man	author	Linden MacIntyre
Fire World	author	Chris d'Lacey
206 Bones	author	Kathy Reichs
A Deal in Ostriches	author	H. G. Wells
HeartCatch PreCure!	author	Izumi Todo
HeartCatch PreCure!	author	Takashi Yamada
The Pearl of Love	author	H. G. Wells
Buying Mittens	author	Nankichi Niimi
The Book of Basketball	author	Bill Simmons
Power, Sex, Suicide	author	Nick Lane
The Dark Tower: The Wind Through the Keyhole	author	Stephen King
Nadirs	author	Herta Müller
Erskine May: Parliamentary Practice	author	Erskine May, 1st Baron Farnborough
A Lotus Grows in the Mud	author	Goldie Hawn with Wendy Holden
Heligoland	author	Shena Mackay
The Prophecy	author	Chris Kuzneski
Lords of the Psychon	author	Daniel F. Galouye
Bakit Baligtad Magbasa ng Libro ang mga Pilipino%3F	author	Bob Ong
The New Girl	author	R. L. Stine
Victim: The Other Side of Murder	author	Gary Kinder
Blood Price	author	Tanya Huff
Muslim Mafia	author	Paul David Gaubatz and Paul Sperry
Oscar and the Lady in Pink	author	Éric-Emmanuel Schmitt
History of the Necronomicon	author	H. P. Lovecraft
Last Words	author	George Carlin with Tony Hendra
A Foreign Love Affair	author	Ayano Yamane
Google Closure Tools	author	Google
Egg Collecting and Bird Life of Australia	author	Sidney William Jackson
That Old Ace in the Hole	author	Annie Proulx
The Cup	author	Eric O'Keefe
Flirt	author	Laurell K. Hamilton
The Way the World is Going	author	H. G. Wells
Whose War Is It%3F	author	Jack Granatstein
The Year's Best Science Fiction: Twenty-Sixth Annual Collection	author	Edited by Gardner Dozois
The Birds of Australia	author	Gracius Joseph Broinowski
Delirium	author	Douglas Anthony Cooper
Milrose Munce and the Den of Professional Help	author	Douglas Anthony Cooper
Dark Victory	author	William Shatner
Dark Victory	author	Judith and Garfield Reeves-Stevens
Future Lovers	author	Saika Kunieda
The Rifle	author	Gary Paulsen
The Garden of Paradise	author	Hans Christian Andersen
Selected Letters of Philip Larkin, 1940–1985	author	Philip Larkin, edited by Anthony Thwaite
Blueberry Girl	author	Neil Gaiman
American Lion	author	Jon Meacham
Face	author	Benjamin Zephaniah
The Thing Around Your Neck	author	Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie
N'Heures Souris Rames	author	Ormonde de Kay
Caballero: A Historical Novel	author	Jovita González
Caballero: A Historical Novel	author	Eve Raleigh
Company of Liars	author	Karen Maitland
Breathers: A Zombie's Lament	author	S. G. Browne
Shadows	author	Tim Bowler
Zombies: A Record of the Year of Infection	author	Don Roff
Isaac's Universe	author	Poul Anderson
Survival of the Sickest	author	Sharon Moalem
Survival of the Sickest	author	Peter Satonick
Tunnel Through Time	author	Paul W. Fairman
Of Paradise and Power	author	Robert Kagan
1942	author	Robert Conroy
The Monster Men	author	Edgar Rice Burroughs
Medaka Box	author	Nisio Isin
Northern Lights Audio	author	Philip Pullman
The Subtle Knife	author	Philip Pullman
Prodromus Entomology	author	John Lewin
The Vision of Judgment	author	George Gordon Byron, 6th Baron Byron
Fake Fur	author	Satomi Yamagata
Spirit Walker	author	Michelle Paver
Giants Unleashed	author	edited by  Groff Conklin
The Unknown Terrorist	author	Richard Flanagan
Probuditi!	author	Chris Van Allsburg
Soul Eater	author	Michelle Paver
Love to Love You Bradys	author	Susan Olsen with Ted Nichelson and Lisa Sutton
Brilliant Blue	author	Saemi Yorita
One Day	author	David Nicholls
Subterranean	author	James Rollins
The Man Who Could Be Santa	author	Joanna Wolper
The Sexes Throughout Nature	author	Antoinette Brown Blackwell
Dogfight	author	Michael Swanwick
Dogfight	author	William Gibson
Burning Chrome	author	William Gibson
Cute Beast	author	Amayo Tsuge
Flight of the Intruder	author	Stephen Coonts
Hell Is the Absence of God	author	Ted Chiang
Voice Over! Seiyu Academy	author	Maki Minami
I'm Not Your Steppin' Stone: Shameless	author	Shiuko Kano
Geo-Wiki	author	IIASA
Geo-Wiki	author	University of Applied Sciences Wiener Neustadt
Geo-Wiki	author	University of Freiburg
Wired for Thought	author	Jeffrey Stibel
The Rhetoric of Reaction	author	Albert O. Hirschman
Laugh Under the Sun	author	Yugi Yamada
The Family: The Secret Fundamentalism at the Heart of American Power	author	Jeff Sharlet
City of Light	author	Lauren Belfer
Tehelka as Metaphor	author	Madhu Trehan
The Million Cities	author	J. T. McIntosh
Grunts!	author	Mary Gentle
Dracula the Un-dead	author	Dacre Stoker, Ian Holt
Roma	author	Steven Saylor
Glass Sky	author	Yugi Yamada
Handy Manny's Motorcycle Adventure	author	Susan Amerikaner
Black Sun	author	Uki Ogasawara
Menkui!	author	Suzuki Tanaka
Historia Naturalis Brasiliae	author	Willem Piso
It's Perfectly Normal	author	Robie Harris
The General Zapped an Angel	author	Howard Fast
The Biggest Game in Town	author	Al Alvarez
The Color of Love	author	Kiyo Ueda
Sunset Express	author	Robert Crais
L.A. Requiem	author	Robert Crais
Junior Escort	author	Sakurako Hanafubuki
Junior Escort	author	Sakurako Hanafubuki
Karakuri Odette	author	Julietta Suzuki
From Impressionism To Anime	author	Susan J. Napier
The Miernik Dossier	author	Charles McCarry
La Vendetta	author	Honoré de Balzac
The Tears of Autumn	author	Charles McCarry
The Unselfish Gene	author	Robert Douglas Burns
The Secret Lovers	author	Charles McCarry
The Dark Goddess	author	Marvin H. Albert
Geographical kaleidoscope	author	Petro Kravchuk
The Hind and the Panther	author	John Dryden
The Best Halloween Ever	author	Barbara Robinson
Cosmos and Psyche	author	Richard Tarnas
Men in Aida	author	David Melnick
The Last Supper	author	Charles McCarry
A Field Guide to the Birds of Australia	author	Graham Pizzey
Stargonauts	author	David S. Garnett
Artemis Fowl: The Atlantis Complex	author	Eoin Colfer
Den Danske Vitruvius	author	Lauritz de Thurah
The Season: A Candid Look at Broadway	author	William Goldman
Here Be Daemons	author	Basil Copper
Face Forward	author	Kevyn Aucoin
The Giant Devil Dingo	author	Dick Roughsey
The Man in the Picture	author	Susan Hill
The Infinite Man	author	Daniel F. Galouye
One of Those Hideous Books Where the Mother Dies	author	Sonya Sones
Erewhon Revisited	author	Samuel Butler
Kay the Left-Handed	author	Leslie Barringer
Sleepwalking Land	author	Mia Couto
The Ghost Belonged to Me	author	Richard Peck
Parrot and Olivier in America	author	Peter Carey
The Ghost-Seer	author	Friedrich Schiller
Raising My Voice	author	Malalai Joya
The Owl in the Attic and Other Perplexities	author	James Thurber
American Rust	author	Philipp Meyer
Breathless	author	Dean Koontz
First Lord's Fury	author	Jim Butcher
People of the Lakes	author	Kathleen O'Neal Gear and W. Michael Gear
Halt's Peril	author	John Flanagan
Ten obcy	author	Irena Jurgielewiczowa
The Devil's Novice	author	Ellis Peters
All in the Mind	author	Alastair Campbell
The Human Use of Human Beings	author	Norbert Wiener
Matchless: A Christmas Story	author	Gregory Maguire
DNA Repair and Mutagenesis	author	Errol C. Friedberg, Graham C. Walker, Wolfram Siede, Richard D. Wood, Roger A. Schultz, Tom Ellenburger
Devi Chaudhurani	author	Bankim Chandra Chatterji
Hafnia Hodierna	author	Lauritz de Thurah
Wilhelm Reich in Hell	author	Robert Anton Wilson
Dash!	author	Isaku Natsume
The Heir of Redclyffe	author	Charlotte Mary Yonge
Mr. Belloc Objects to %22The Outline of History%22	author	H. G. Wells
Oragenitalism	author	Gershon Legman
The Mammoth Book of Best New Manga	author	ILYA
Nudge	author	Richard H. Thaler
Nudge	author	Cass R. Sunstein
A Flight of Pigeons	author	Ruskin Bond
Wings Over Kansas	author	Carl Chance and Bill Bolte
The Road to Memphis	author	Mildred D. Taylor
Constellations in My Palm	author	Chisako Sakuragi
A Mighty Fortress	author	David Weber
Confessions of a Teenage Baboon	author	Paul Zindel
Taboo	author	Franz Baermann Steiner
The King of the Sea	author	Emilio Salgari
Psychic Detective Yakumo	author	Manabu Kaminaga
Psychic Detective Yakumo	author	Manabu Kaminaga
You're a Big Boy Now	author	David Benedictus
The Case for God	author	Karen Armstrong
Dead Babies	author	Martin Amis
Shadow and Act	author	Ralph Ellison
The Ascent of Wonder: The Evolution of Hard SF	author	Edited by David G. Hartwell and Kathryn Cramer
Transifex	author	glezos
Looking for Anne of Green Gables	author	Irene Gammel
Reef of Death	author	Paul Zindel
Fatal Voyage	author	Kathy Reichs
The Making of Americans	author	Gertrude Stein
Tentacles	author	Roland Smith
Gradiva	author	Wilhelm Jensen
Explorer's Handbook	author	Frank Brunner, Rich Burlew, and David Noonan
My Paranoid Next Door Neighbor	author	Kazuka Minami
Lord Darcy	author	Randall Garrett
The Land of Little Rain	author	Mary Hunter Austin
Forgotten God	author	Francis Chan
Pirates of the Fallen Stars	author	Curtis Scott
Who Killed the Canadian Military%3F	author	Jack Granatstein
Mention My Name in Atlantis	author	John Jakes
Twilight	author	Elie Wiesel
Barbarian Princess	author	Damion Hunter
Brothers	author	Yu Hua
Strange Fruit	author	Lillian Smith
Fever Dream	author	Douglas Preston
Fever Dream	author	Lincoln Child
Patronage	author	Maria Edgeworth
Judgment Day: My Years with Ayn Rand	author	Nathaniel Branden
Jesus Video	author	Andreas Eschbach
How to Ditch Your Fairy	author	Justine Larbalestier
SPICE	author	Qumranet
Lothair	author	Benjamin Disraeli
A Far Cry from Kensington	author	Muriel Spark
Leaving a Doll's House: A Memoir	author	Claire Bloom
Le Curé de Tours	author	Honoré de Balzac
Guardians of Liberty	author	Alma Bridwell White
Montmorency	author	Eleanor Updale
How Doth the Simple Spelling Bee	author	Owen Wister
Mother	author	Owen Wister
The Wicker Man	author	Robin Hardy and Anthony Shaffer
Little Cry Baby	author	Keiko Kinoshita
Live For Love	author	Jun Mayama
Living For Tomorrow	author	Taishi Zaō
The Evolutionary Void	author	Peter F. Hamilton
Love Is Like a Hurricane	author	Tokiya Shimazaki
Ludwig II	author	You Higuri
Heavenly Body	author	Takashi Kanzaki
The Emperor's Games	author	Damion Hunter
Barfing in the Backseat: How I Survived My Family Road Trip	author	Henry Winkler and Lin Oliver
Pereira Maintains	author	Antonio Tabucchi
The Efficiency Expert	author	Edgar Rice Burroughs
Mail	author	Housui Yamazaki
Book – A Novel	author	Robert Grudin
Greener Grass: The Famine Years	author	Caroline Pignat
Justice Hall	author	Laurie R. King
Black Knight	author	Kai Tsurugi
Bond	author	Toko Kawai
The Sunless City	author	J. E. Preston Muddock
Color	author	Eiki Eiki
Color	author	Taishi Zaō
Cotton Comes to Harlem	author	Chester Himes
The Life of Josiah Henson, Formerly a Slave, Now an Inhabitant of Canada, as Narrated by Himself	author	Josiah Henson
Stones	author	William E. Bell
Double Trouble	author	Takashi Kanzaki
Duetto	author	Aoi Kujyou
Candy	author	Satomi Sugita
Birds of Australia: A Summary of Information	author	James David Macdonald
Wolf Captured	author	Jane Lindskold
Wolf Hunting	author	Jane Lindskold
The Dragon of Despair	author	Jane Lindskold
Wolf's Blood	author	Jane Lindskold
Strange Brew	author	P.N. Elrod
The Dead Father	author	Donald Barthelme
The Scholar Gipsy	author	Matthew Arnold
Real World	author	Natsuo Kirino
The Magician's Elephant	author	Kate DiCamillo
Sadratnamala	author	Sankara Varman
Feeling Very Strange: The Slipstream Anthology	author	James Patrick Kelly
Feeling Very Strange: The Slipstream Anthology	author	John Kessel
STAR Academy	author	Edward Kay
Sidney Sheldon's Mistress of the Game	author	Sidney Sheldon
Sidney Sheldon's Mistress of the Game	author	Tilly Bagshawe
Les Diaboliques	author	Jules Amédée Barbey d'Aurevilly
Danger Along the Ohio	author	Patricia Willis
A Sport of Nature	author	Nadine Gordimer
Animals in Translation	author	Temple Grandin
Animals in Translation	author	Catherine Johnson
The Irish Filmography	author	Kevin Rockett
Cyber Rights	author	Mike Godwin
My Name Is Brain Brian	author	Jeanne Betancourt
Eating Animals	author	Jonathan Safran Foer
The Beckham Experiment	author	Grant Wahl
Dear Myself	author	Eiki Eiki
Ka Shin Fu	author	Makoto Tateno
Cause of My Teacher	author	Temari Matsumoto
Kiss Blue	author	Keiko Kinoshita
Endless Rain	author	Yuuya
The Maze Runner	author	James Dashner
Traveller Wedding	author	Graham Jones
Doctor Sleep	author	Stephen King
Waterlily	author	Ella Cara Deloria
Pride and Prejudice and Zombies: Dawn of the Dreadfuls	author	Steve Hockensmith
Spirit Bound	author	Richelle Mead
Đại Việt sử ký	author	Lê Văn Hưu
Stories of Your Life and Others	author	Ted Chiang
Vision in White	author	Nora Roberts
Ordinary Crush	author	Hyouta Fujiyama
The Young Magician	author	Yuri Narushima
Freefall Romance	author	Hyouta Fujiyama
Rides a Dread Legion	author	Raymond E. Feist
From Up Above	author	Sakuya Kurekoshi
Loving Gaze	author	Akira Kanbe
Loveholic	author	Toko Kawai
The Master and His Emissary	author	Iain McGilchrist
Don't You Dare Read This, Mrs. Dunphrey	author	Margaret Peterson Haddix
Melted Love	author	You Takumi
Star Wars Imperial Commando: 501st	author	Karen Traviss
The Cat of Bubastes	author	G.A. Henty
Arc d'X	author	Steve Erickson
Breakable You	author	Brian Morton
Picture Motion Browser	author	Sony
Beauchamp's Career	author	George Meredith
Image of the Beast	author	Philip José Farmer
Maiden Rose	author	Fusanosuke Inariya
Hetty Feather	author	Jacqueline Wilson
Star Wars: Clone Wars Gambit: Stealth	author	Karen Miller
The Watter's Mou'	author	Bram Stoker
Julian and Maddalo	author	Percy Bysshe Shelley
War of Anti-Christ with the Church and Christian Civilization	author	George F. Dillon
Fire Angels	author	Jane Routley
The Odd Angry Shot	author	William Nagle
China Marine	author	Eugene B. Sledge
Run for Your Life	author	Lionel Davidson
Sources of the Self	author	Charles Taylor
Further Adventures of Lad	author	Albert Payson Terhune
Truth and Tolerance	author	Pope Benedict XVI
Aramaya	author	Jane Routley
The Memory Cathedral	author	Jack Dann
Enchanter	author	Sara Douglass
StarMan	author	Sara Douglass
The Infernal	author	Kim Wilkins
When You Reach Me	author	Rebecca Stead
Power Without Responsibility	author	James Curran and Jean Seaton
Eve's Seed	author	Robert S. McElvaine
As Primaveras	author	Casimiro de Abreu
A Dark Winter	author	Dave Luckett
Fallen	author	Lauren Kate
The Storm Weaver and the Sand	author	Sean Williams
Hunting The Shadows: The Selected Stories of Tanith Lee, Volume Two	author	Tanith Lee
%22U%22 Is for Undertow	author	Sue Grafton
The Crooked Letter	author	Sean Williams
Meri Jeevan Yatra	author	Mahapandit Rahul Sankrityayan
The Two Pearls of Wisdom	author	Alison Goodman
Mus of Kerbridge	author	Paul Kidd
Fallout: An American Nuclear Tragedy	author	Philip L. Fradkin
A Treatise on Money	author	John Maynard Keynes
All That the Rain Promises and More...	author	David Arora
CB Chara Nagai Go World	author	Go Nagai
Volga Se Ganga	author	Rahul Sankrityayan
Reader's Digest Complete Book of Australian Birds	author	Harold James Frith
The House of Balthus	author	David Brooks
Search for Senna	author	K. A. Applegate
Kiyoku Yawaku	author	Ryo Ikuemi
Makoto Call!	author	Kazuko Fujita
Stop Pretending: What Happened When My Big Sister Went Crazy	author	Sonya Sones
Golden Prince and Argent King	author	Kouko Agawa
The Gladiator	author	Simon Scarrow
The Eagle's Prophecy	author	Simon Scarrow
Girl	author	Blake Nelson
A Gentleman's Kiss	author	Shinri Fuwa
Quake Wars: Ray Traced	author	Intel Corporation
The Last Wizard	author	Tony Shillitoe
Dream Jungle	author	Jessica Hagedorn
The Old Tobacco Shop	author	William Bowen
The Windy Hill	author	Cornelia Meigs
Downright Dencey	author	Caroline Snedeker
The Boy Who Was	author	Grace Hallock
Floating Island	author	Anne Parrish
Calico Bush	author	Rachel Field
To Have or to Be%3F	author	Erich Fromm
ABC Bunny	author	Wanda Gág
The Singing Tree	author	Kate Seredy
Figure Away	author	Phoebe Atwood Taylor
Always Fresh	author	Ron Joyce and Rober Thompson
Stardance	author	Spider Robinson
Stardance	author	Jeanne Robinson
Starseed	author	Spider Robinson and Jeanne Robinson
Starmind	author	Spider Robinson and Jeanne Robinson
The Mirrored Heavens	author	David J. Williams
Kud Wafter	author	Key
Magic in Ithkar	author	Andre Norton and Robert Adams
Magic in Ithkar 2	author	Andre Norton and Robert Adams
Amityville: The Evil Escapes	author	John G. Jones
The Cape Cod Mystery	author	Phoebe Atwood Taylor
Singularity's Ring	author	Paul Melko
The Silver Pencil	author	Alice Dalgliesh
Abraham Lincoln's World	author	Genevieve Foster
Justin Morgan Had a Horse	author	Marguerite Henry
Case Histories	author	Kate Atkinson
Eight Clouds Rising	author	Natsumi Itsuki
The Betrayal Knows My Name	author	Odagiri Hotaru
Born Blue	author	Han Nolan
Foreign Devil	author	Christine Harris
Let the Great World Spin	author	Colum McCann
Colors in the Dreamweaver's Loom	author	Beth Hilgartner
The Terrorist Hunters	author	Andy Hayman
The Resurrectionists	author	Kim Wilkins
Angel of Ruin	author	Kim Wilkins
Giants of the Frost	author	Kim Wilkins
The Autumn Castle	author	Kim Wilkins
Red Cotton Night-Cap Country	author	Robert Browning
A Cauldron of Witches	author	Ruth Manning-Sanders
Impact	author	Douglas Preston
Ballroom of the Skies	author	John D. MacDonald
Dungeons & Dragons Companion Set	author	Frank Mentzer
MMAjunkie.com	author	Dann Stupp, Eric Foster, Tom Cummins
Coders at work	author	Peter Seibel
Kuroko's Basketball	author	Tadatoshi Fujimaki
Kuroko's Basketball	author	Tadatoshi Fujimaki
Hanamaru Kindergarten	author	Yuto
The White Body of Evening	author	A. L. McCann
The Seance	author	John Harwood
Poor Little Bitch Girl	author	Jackie Collins
Born of the Sea	author	Victor Kelleher
A Few Seconds of Panic	author	Stefan Fatsis
Behemoth	author	Scott Westerfeld
The Methods of Ethics	author	Henry Sidgwick
Spilt Milk	author	Chico Buarque
Spook Country	author	William Gibson
Miracle's Boys	author	Jacqueline Woodson
Dog X Cat	author	Yoshimi Amasaki
Night Passage	author	Robert B. Parker
Iorich	author	Steven Brust
The War Within	author	Tom Wells
Saint Young Men	author	Hikaru Nakamura
The Black Crusade	author	Richard Harland
The Pilo Family Circus	author	Will Elliott
The Mystery of the Sea	author	Bram Stoker
The Man	author	Bram Stoker
Miss Betty	author	Bram Stoker
The Shoulder of Shasta	author	Bram Stoker
Lady Athlyne	author	Bram Stoker
The Mount Marunga Mystery	author	Harrison Owen
Brooklyn	author	Colm Tóibín
Trouble in Paradise	author	Robert B. Parker
The Nervous Breakdown	author	Brad Listi
Bed of Roses	author	Nora Roberts
Land of Unlikeness	author	Robert Lowell
Personal Reminiscences of Henry Irving	author	Bram Stoker
Famous Impostors	author	Bram Stoker
Fancy Dance	author	Reiko Okano
Introduction to Psychoanalysis	author	Sigmund Freud
Tommy Storm and the Galactic Knights	author	A.J. Healy
Gone	author	Jonathan Kellerman
Game Change	author	John Heilemann and Mark Halperin
My Cleaner	author	Maggie Gee
I Am Jackie Chan	author	Jackie Chan
I Am Jackie Chan	author	Jeff Yang
The Burning Land	author	Bernard Cornwell
Eclipse	author	K. A. Bedford
Love, A Rather Bad Idea	author	Anirban Mukherjee
Time Machines Repaired While-U-Wait	author	K. A. Bedford
The Winter Journey	author	Amélie Nothomb
Hound-Dog Man	author	Fred Gipson
Where's Wally%3F The Incredible Paper Chase	author	Martin Handford
Food Rules: An Eater's Manual	author	Michael Pollan
The Flight of Dragons	author	Peter Dickinson
Metal Fatigue	author	Sean Williams
The Dark Imbalance	author	Sean Williams
The Dark Imbalance	author	Shane Dix
Two Serious Ladies	author	Jane Bowles
Kia Uvo	author	Kia Motors America
Intentional Logic	author	Henry Babcock Veatch
Death in Paradise	author	Robert B. Parker
Going Bovine	author	Libba Bray
The Star-Crowned Kings	author	Rob Chilson
The Timeless Land	author	Eleanor Dark
Days of Atonement	author	Michael Gregorio
Prelude to Christopher	author	Eleanor Dark
Alice in Verse: The Lost Rhymes of Wonderland	author	J.T. Holden
The Blood of the Nation	author	David Starr Jordan
Karanapaddhati	author	Puthumana Somayaji
Bunnicula: A Rabbit-Tale of Mystery	author	Deborah Howe and James Howe
The White Abacus	author	Damien Broderick
The Postcard Killers	author	Liza Marklund
The Postcard Killers	author	James Patterson
Oracle VDI	author	Sun Microsystems
Việt Nam sử lược	author	Trần Trọng Kim
Saraswatichandra	author	Govardhanram M. Tripathi
Vintage Season	author	Henry Kuttner and C. L. Moore
Transcension	author	Damien Broderick
Shattered Peace	author	Erin Hunter
The Auroras of Autumn	author	Wallace Stevens
A Brief History of Crime	author	Peter Hitchens
Little Bird of Heaven	author	Joyce Carol Oates
The Native Star	author	M. K. Hobson
Good in Bed	author	Jennifer Weiner
1000 Awesome Things	author	Neil Pasricha
Signature in the Cell	author	Stephen C. Meyer
Tokyo Fiancée	author	Amélie Nothomb
Of Course I Love You ..! Till I Find Someone Better	author	Durjoy Datta
Of Course I Love You ..! Till I Find Someone Better	author	Maanvi Ahuja
Less Than Human	author	Maxine McArthur
Cuisines of the Axis of Evil and Other Irritating States	author	C. Christine Fair
Keepers of the House	author	Lisa St Aubin de Terán
The Adventures of Philip	author	William Makepeace Thackeray
Horns	author	Joe Hill
Lilies In December	author	Agustus Montrose
Imgur	author	Alan Schaaf
Fazail-e-Sadqaat	author	Muhammad Zakariya Kandhlawi
Fine Just the Way It Is	author	Annie Proulx
K-Machines	author	Damien Broderick
The Art of Drowning	author	Billy Collins
Keeping It Real	author	Justina Robson
Electric Hands	author	Taishi Zaō
Abraham Lincoln, Vampire Hunter	author	Seth Grahame-Smith
The Manzai Comics	author	Atsuko Asano
The 10,000 Year Explosion	author	Gregory Cochran
The 10,000 Year Explosion	author	Henry Harpending
Bannertail	author	Ernest Thompson Seton
Zoobreak	author	Gordon Korman
The Loudest Whisper: Uwasa No Futari	author	Temari Matsumoto
Liberty Liberty!	author	Hinako Takanaga
Brimstone	author	Robert B. Parker
Pathos	author	Mika Sadahiro
Picnic	author	Yugi Yamada
Emmanuelle	author	Emmanuelle Arsan
Dengeki Daisy	author	Kyousuke Motomi
The Breaking Point	author	Daphne du Maurier
Serbia and Albania	author	Dimitrije Tucović
Stone Cold	author	Robert B. Parker
What Did You Eat Yesterday%3F	author	Fumi Yoshinaga
The Lion & the Mouse	author	Jerry Pinkney
Lover's Flat	author	Hyouta Fujiyama
Not Enough Time	author	Shoko Hidaka
Whispurr	author	
Gulshan-e-Sukhan	author	Tanwir Phool
My Life, Sofia Andreevna Tolstaya	author	Sofia Tolstaya
Floating in My Mother's Palm	author	Ursula Hegi
100 Cupboards	author	N. D. Wilson
Otherspace	author	David Stahler Jr.
The Broken Wheel	author	Kerry Greenwood
Swords Against Death	author	Fritz Leiber
Swords in the Mist	author	Fritz Leiber
Swords Against Wizardry	author	Fritz Leiber
The Swords of Lankhmar	author	Fritz Leiber
Swords and Ice Magic	author	Fritz Leiber
The Knight and Knave of Swords	author	Fritz Leiber
Black Chicks Talking	author	Leah Purcell
The Australian Ugliness	author	Robin Boyd
Autodesk Inventor	author	Jacob Sain
Think or Sink	author	Gina Mollicone-Long
Crystal	author	Walter Dean Myers
Crows	author	Hiroshi Takahashi
Deucalion	author	Brian Caswell
The Windup Girl	author	Paolo Bacigalupi
Vermeer's Hat	author	Timothy Brook
Fermat's Last Theorem	author	Simon Singh
Kiss All the Boys	author	Shiuko Kano
The Sound of Thunder	author	Wilbur Smith
HPC Challenge Benchmark	author	Innovative Computing Laboratory, University of Tennessee
Swords Against the Shadowland	author	Robin Wayne Bailey
Dungeons & Dragons Master Rules	author	Frank Mentzer
Enviro-Capitalists: Doing Good While Doing Well	author	Terry Lee Anderson and Donald R. Leal
The Novel	author	James Michener
Bones of the Dragon	author	Margaret Weis and Tracy Hickman
Considerations on Representative Government	author	John Stuart Mill
Busybody Nora	author	Johanna Hurwitz
The Story of Sigurd the Volsung and the Fall of the Niblungs	author	William Morris \
Death by a Thousand Cuts	author	Timothy Brook
Death by a Thousand Cuts	author	Jérôme Bourgon,
Death by a Thousand Cuts	author	Gregory Blue
The Other Face of Janus	author	Louise Katz
Just Kids	author	Patti Smith
S.L.H Stray Love Hearts!	author	Aya Shouoto
The Other Hand	author	Chris Cleave
Greylands	author	Isobelle Carmody
Freddy and Fredericka	author	Mark Helprin
The Complete Cosmicomics	author	Italo Calvino
Freedom™	author	Daniel Suarez
The Confusions of Pleasure	author	Timothy Brook
The Third Choice	author	Mark Durie
Eye to Eye	author	Catherine Jinks
The Bloodless Revolution	author	Tristram Stuart
Natural Law and Natural Rights	author	John Finnis
Katanagatari	author	Nisio Isin
The Big Book	author	Bill W.
Trackers Series	author	Patrick Carman
Fact, Fiction, and Forecast	author	Nelson Goodman
Praying for Power	author	Timothy Brook
Course of Theoretical Physics	author	Lev Landau
Course of Theoretical Physics	author	Evgeny Lifshitz
Course of Theoretical Physics	author	Vladimir Berestetskii
Course of Theoretical Physics	author	Lev Pitaevskii
Me and Hitch	author	Evan Hunter
Singing the Dogstar Blues	author	Alison Goodman
Cockroach	author	Rawi Hage
Quelling the People	author	Timothy Brook
The Racial Contract	author	Charles W. Mills
A Dark Victory	author	Dave Luckett
High Profile	author	Robert B. Parker
A Bright Red Scream	author	Marilee Strong
The American Senator	author	Anthony Trollope
Magic in Ithkar 4	author	Andre Norton and Robert Adams
Magic in Ithkar 3	author	Andre Norton and Robert Adams
The Chinese State in Ming Society	author	Timothy Brook
Collaboration: Japanese Agents and Local Elites in Wartime China	author	Timothy Brook
The Last Mafioso	author	Ovid Demaris
The Eagle and the Raven	author	James Michener
A Short Walk in the Hindu Kush	author	Eric Newby
Fatal System Error	author	Joseph Menn
The Lost Fleet: Victorious	author	John G. Hemry
The Calligrapher	author	Edward Docx
Bite Me: A Love Story	author	Christopher Moore
There Will Be Time	author	Poul Anderson
Lost in the Meritocracy	author	Walter Kirn
Beyblade: Metal Fusion	author	Takafumi Adachi
Bedlam	author	Ally Kennen
Sparks	author	Ally Kennen
Wonders of a Godless World	author	Andrew McGahan
The Hand of Glory	author	Sophie Masson
Microcosm: E. coli and the New Science of Life	author	Carl Zimmer
Apache Mobile Filter	author	Idel Fuschini
Alyzon Whitestarr	author	Isobelle Carmody
Emperor Shaka the Great	author	Mazisi Kunene
Spring Fever	author	Yugi Yamada
Recessional	author	James A. Michener
I Drink for a Reason	author	David Cross
Finnikin of the Rock	author	Melina Marchetta
An Amateur Laborer	author	Theodore Dreiser
The Joys of Motherhood	author	Buchi Emecheta
The Fires of Spring	author	James A. Michener
Big Girl	author	Danielle Steel
Return to Paradise	author	James A. Michener
Anna Svärd	author	Selma Lagerlöf
The Bridges at Toko-Ri	author	James A. Michener
The Voice of Asia	author	James A. Michener
The Ordeal of Richard Feverel	author	George Meredith
Scientology	author	James R. Lewis
Folklore of Assam	author	Jogesh Das
Sayonara	author	James A. Michener
Sket Dance	author	Kenta Shinohara
Sket Dance	author	Kenta Shinohara
The Real Global Warming Disaster	author	Christopher Booker
The Watermen	author	James A. Michener
The Language of Bees	author	Laurie R. King
Venezuelanalysis.com	author	Gregory Wilpert
South Pacific	author	James Michener
My Lost Mexico	author	James Michener
Miracle in Seville	author	James Michener
Matecumbe	author	James Michener
Happy Boys	author	Makoto Tateno
The Moon in the Cloud	author	Rosemary Harris
Marjorie's Quest	author	Jeanie Gould
Motown and Didi	author	Walter Dean Myers
The Wolves in the Walls	author	Neil Gaiman
Siri	author	SRI International
Collected Stories for Children	author	Walter de la Mare
Adaptability and Partnership: Issues for the Strategic Defence Review	author	Government of the United Kingdom
The Devil's Wind	author	Manohar Malgonkar
Glasses	author	Henry James
Blocks to Robots	author	Marina Umaschi Bers
Darksong	author	Isobelle Carmody
Nonkilling Global Political Science	author	Glenn D. Paige
The Einstein Girl	author	Philip Sington
A Hymn Before Battle	author	John Ringo
Gust Front	author	John Ringo
Hell's Faire	author	John Ringo
Salvation on Sand Mountain	author	Dennis Covington
OpenSeaMap	author	members of the OpenSeaMap and OpenStreetMap community
To All the Boys I've Loved Before	author	Jenny Han
Doutrina Christam em Lingoa Bramana Canarim	author	Thomas Stephens
Honour & Other People's Children	author	Helen Garner
The Art of Avatar	author	Lisa Fitzpatrick,
The Art of Avatar	author	Peter Jackson ,
The Art of Avatar	author	Jon Landau ,
The Art of Avatar	author	James Cameron
The Reversal	author	Michael Connelly
The Light at Tern Rock	author	Julia Sauer
Resurrectionist	author	James McGee
Through the Wheat	author	Thomas Alexander Boyd
Yellow Eyes	author	John Ringo and Tom Kratman
Watch on the Rhine	author	John Ringo
Watch on the Rhine	author	Tom Kratman
The Bride of Abydos	author	Lord Byron
Le Chasseur Zéro	author	Pascale Roze
Shinobu Kokoro: Hidden Heart	author	Temari Matsumoto
Bill's New Frock	author	Anne Fine
Dalvik Turbo virtual machine	author	Myriad Group
Pastime	author	Robert B. Parker
Lankhmar – City of Adventure	author	Bruce Nesmith, Douglas Niles, and Ken Rolston
The Last Centurion	author	John Ringo
Eye of the Storm	author	John Ringo
The Tuloriad	author	John Ringo
The Tuloriad	author	Tom Kratman
Cally's War	author	John Ringo, Julie Cochrane
The Hero	author	John Ringo
The Hero	author	Michael Z. Williamson
Sister Time	author	John Ringo
Sister Time	author	Julie Cochrane
Harvest Bay	author	Karen Attard
Honor of the Clan	author	John Ringo
Honor of the Clan	author	Julie Cochrane
The Lost Books of the Odyssey	author	Zachary Mason
Saiwai Qixia Zhuan	author	Liang Yusheng
Blue Screen	author	Robert B. Parker
Slow Chocolate Autopsy	author	Iain Sinclair
Slow Chocolate Autopsy	author	Illustrated by Dave McKean
No Less Than Victory	author	Jeffrey Shaara
Nupedia	author	Jimmy Wales
Nupedia	author	Larry Sanger
L'ordalia	author	Italo Alighiero Chiusano
Just Hear It	author	Cosmin Panait
Just Hear It	author	Nicolae Ivanescu
Half the Blood of Brooklyn	author	Charlie Huston
ECPlaza	author	Inkyu Park
Every Last Drop	author	Charlie Huston
My Dead Body	author	Charlie Huston
The Day of the Troll	author	Simon Messingham
Seedfolks	author	Paul Fleischman
Psychoanalysis and Religion	author	Erich Fromm
The Book of Sand	author	Jorge Luis Borges
Play Boy Blues	author	Shiuko Kano
Hurry Home, Candy	author	Meindert DeJong
Mockingjay	author	Suzanne Collins
The Sword of God	author	Russell Blackford
Princeton Application Repository for Shared-Memory Computers	author	Princeton University and Intel
Doctor to the Barrios	author	Juan M. Flavier
Description of a Struggle	author	Franz Kafka
Mind Performance Hacks	author	Ron Hale-Evans
Zero History	author	William Gibson
World of Warcraft: Arthas: Rise of the Lich King	author	Christie Golden
Vault of the Beast	author	A. E. van Vogt
Captain Underpants and the Terrifying Re-Turn of Tippy Tinkletrousers	author	Dav Pilkey
Sweets and Other Stories	author	Andre Williams
Dungeons & Dragons Immortals Rules	author	Frank Mentzer
A Catalogue of Books Printed in the Fifteenth Century now in the Bodleian Library	author	Alan Coates, Kristian Jensen, Cristina Dondi, Bettina Wagner and Helen Dixon; with the assistance of Carolinne White and Elizabeth Mathew; blockbooks, woodcuts and metalcut single sheets by Nigel F. Palmer; inventory of Hebrew incunabula by Silke Schaeper
The Adventures of Harry Richmond	author	George Meredith
Signal	author	Cynthia DeFelice
Mary Marston	author	George MacDonald
Dream Weavers	author	Paul Collins
Hospital of the Transfiguration	author	Stanisław Lem
Ramage and the Freebooters	author	Dudley Pope
Devil's Brood	author	Sharon Kay Penman
Time and Chance	author	Sharon Kay Penman
Penguin Lost	author	Andrey Kurkov
Evernight	author	Claudia Gray
Forged by Fire	author	Sharon M. Draper
Historia de Belgrano y de la Independencia Argentina	author	Bartolomé Mitre
The War I Always Wanted	author	Brandon Friedman
Double Identity	author	Margaret Peterson Haddix
One Morning in Maine	author	Robert McCloskey
Mama	author	www.eytam.com
Dungeons & Dragons Expert Set	author	David Cook
Dungeons & Dragons Expert Set	author	Frank Mentzer
Threepenny Novel	author	Bertolt Brecht
The Strong Horse	author	Lee Smith
The Heat of the Day	author	Elizabeth Bowen
Stone's Fall	author	Iain Pears
Santa Olivia	author	Jacqueline Carey
Full Dark, No Stars	author	Stephen King
Merlusine	author	Lucy Sussex
Conservative Victory	author	Sean Hannity
Shakespeare's Memory	author	Jorge Luis Borges
Heroes and Horrors	author	Fritz Leiber
All Clear	author	Connie Willis
Blaze of Silver	author	K M Grant
The Horns of Elfland	author	Ellen Kushner
The Horns of Elfland	author	Delia Sherman
The Horns of Elfland	author	Donald G. Keller
The Unfinished Revolution	author	Michael Dertouzos
The Art Lesson	author	Tomie DePaola
The Congress	author	Jorge Luis Borges
Heroic Visions	author	edited by  Jessica Amanda Salmonson
Heroic Visions II	author	edited by  Jessica Amanda Salmonson
Filn	author	High Vision
The Devil and Sherlock Holmes	author	David Grann
The Zen of CSS Design	author	Dave Shea and Molly E. Holzschlag
Closer	author	Roderick Gordon, Brian Williams
The Book of Fritz Leiber	author	Fritz Leiber
Angry Asian Man	author	Phil Yu
The Wimpy Kid Movie Diary	author	Jeff Kinney
Mayoi Neko Overrun!	author	Tomohiro Matsu
Letters of Ayn Rand	author	Ayn Rand
Comet	author	Carl Sagan and Ann Druyan
A Walk-On Part in the War	author	Stephen Dedman
The Bob Dylan Encyclopedia	author	Michael Gray
The Dirty Energy Dilemma	author	Benjamin K. Sovacool
Little Hands Clapping	author	Dan Rhodes
Dreaming Down-Under	author	Jack Dann
Dreaming Down-Under	author	Janeen Webb
Nam Ông mộng lục	author	Hồ Nguyên Trừng
Whispers of the Mist Children	author	Trudi Canavan
Xiagu Danxin	author	Liang Yusheng
Hawkeye Collins and Amy Adams	author	M. Masters
Pool	author	Australian Broadcasting Corporation
Danny Dunn on a Desert Island	author	Raymond Abrashkin
Danny Dunn on a Desert Island	author	Jay Williams
Spare Change	author	Robert B. Parker
Danny Dunn and the Heat Ray	author	Raymond Abrashkin
Danny Dunn and the Heat Ray	author	Jay Williams
What Darwin Got Wrong	author	Jerry Fodor, Massimo Piattelli-Palmarini
Android Karenina	author	Ben H. Winters
The Second Book of Fritz Leiber	author	Fritz Leiber
Mōretsu Atarō	author	Fujio Akatsuka
Passionate Theory	author	Ayumi Kano
Othello	author	Toui Hasumi
Pleasure Dome	author	Minami Megumi
Defense Devil	author	Youn In-wan
Shiki	author	Fuyumi Ono
The Book of Lairs	author	Jim Ward and Michael Breault
Baree, Son of Kazan	author	James Oliver Curwood
The Poisoner's Handbook	author	Deborah Blum
The Prime Minister's Secret Diplomacy	author	Youka Nitta
25 Bridge Conventions You Should Know	author	Barbara Seagram
25 Bridge Conventions You Should Know	author	Marc Smith
A Warning to the Curious	author	M.R. James
Fire	author	Kristin Cashore
Stranger in Paradise	author	Robert B. Parker
Happy to be Here	author	Garrison Keillor
Song for the Basilisk	author	Patricia A. McKillip
Bug Jack Barron	author	Norman Spinrad
Diaries 1969–1979: The Python Years	author	Michael Palin
The World According to Kipling	author	Geoffrey Maloney
Suckers	author	Rose Shapiro
The Secret History of the Mongol Queens	author	Jack Weatherford
The Asylum for Wayward Victorian Girls	author	Emilie Autumn
Profile	author	Chris Westwood
Virtual World	author	Chris Westwood
Google Chrome extension	author	Google and extension developers
The Autobiography of Malcolm X	author	Malcolm X with Alex Haley
The Final Storm	author	Jeff Shaara
The Woman of Endor	author	Sue Isle
A Light in the Black	author	Chris Westwood
The Best of Fritz Leiber	author	Fritz Leiber
No One Would Listen	author	Harry Markopolos
Kilico	author	Kiba Koichi
Rovering to Success	author	Robert Baden-Powell
Planning the Play of a Bridge Hand	author	Barbara Seagram
Planning the Play of a Bridge Hand	author	David Bird
You Say Tomato, I Say Shut Up	author	Annabelle Gurwitch
You Say Tomato, I Say Shut Up	author	and Jeff Kahn
The Sacrament of the Body and Blood of Christ—Against the Fanatics	author	Martin Luther
Kurashina Sensei's Passion	author	Natsuho Shino
JSLint	author	Douglas Crockford
Kabuki	author	Yukari Hashida
Prince Charming	author	Akemi Takaido
A Change of Climate	author	Hilary Mantel
Letters from the Inside	author	John Marsden
Boys Love	author	Kaim Tachibana
La Sentinelle	author	Lucy Sussex
Metro 2033	author	Dmitry Glukhovsky
The Western Heritage	author	Donald Kagan, Steven Ozment, and Frank M. Turner
Sufi Paranja Katha	author	K. P. Ramanunni
On Parole	author	Akira Yoshimura
The Roar	author	Emma Clayton
A Beautiful Blue Death	author	Charles Finch
Tara of the Twilight	author	Lin Carter
Southern Blood	author	Bill Congreve
Daylight Robbery	author	Surender Mohan Pathak
The Gardens of Light	author	Amin Maalouf
Dominant Species	author	Michael E. Marks
Shitsurakuen	author	Tōru Naomura
Hate That Cat	author	Sharon Creech
Great Mambo Chicken and the Transhuman Condition	author	Ed Regis
Catabolic Magic	author	Richard Harland
Weavers of Twilight	author	Louise Katz
The Greater Death of Saito Saku	author	Richard Harland
A Fine Magic	author	Margo Lanagan
Athletic Shorts: Six Short Stories	author	Chris Crutcher
The Pitcher Shower	author	Donald Harington
The Pigman & Me	author	Paul Zindel
The Hounds of Artemis	author	James Goss
Umizaru	author	Shūhō Satō
Perchance to Dream	author	Robert B. Parker
Once Giants Roamed the Earth	author	Rosaleen Love
Sir Hereward and Mister Fitz Go to War Again	author	Garth Nix
Lost Boys: Why Our Sons Turn Violent and How We Can Save Them	author	James Garbarino
Sammarynda Deep	author	Cat Sparks
The Mars Project	author	Wernher von Braun
The Man Who	author	Bienvenido Santos
The Woman Who Had Two Navels	author	Nick Joaquin
Biggest Elvis: A Novel	author	P. F. Kluge
The Birthing of Hannibal Valdez	author	Alfrredo Navarro Salanga
LivingSocial	author	Tim O'Shaughnessy, Aaron Batalion, Eddie Frederick, Val Aleksenko
No Apology	author	Mitt Romney
Personal Foul	author	Tim Donaghy
The Wings of the Sphinx	author	Andrea Camilleri
Literary Reflections	author	James Michener
Once a Month, On a Sunday	author	Ian McHugh
Fag Hag	author	Robert Rodi
Acorna's Triumph	author	Anne McCaffrey and Elizabeth Ann Scarborough
The Emperor's Code	author	Gordon Korman
The Cruelest Month	author	Louise Penny
Atlantic Free Press	author	Richard Kastelein
Nepenthes of Sumatra and Peninsular Malaysia	author	Charles Clarke
The Cool War	author	Frederik Pohl
Freddy Plays Football	author	Walter R. Brooks
Cave and Shadows	author	Nick Joaquin
The Running Man	author	Richard Bachman
The Judging Eye	author	Scott Bakker
Fox at the Front	author	Michael Dobson and Douglas Niles
Have a Little Faith	author	Mitch Albom
The Right to Write	author	Julia Cameron
Heroman	author	Stan Lee
Agog! Smashing Stories	author	Cat Sparks
Karma Cola	author	Gita Mehta
The Boy who Talked to Trees	author	Yashwant V. Chittal
Le Miroir de Cassandre	author	Bernard Werber
The Seven Heroes and Five Gallants	author	Shi Yukun
Rosapenna	author	Ola Bauer
Humlehjertene	author	Ola Bauer
Daikaiju! Giant Monster Tales	author	Robert Hood and Robin Pen
Fires of Winter	author	Johanna Lindsey
Commonwealth	author	Michael Hardt and Antonio Negri
Watts Up With That%3F	author	Anthony Watts
Hearts Aflame	author	Johanna Lindsey
Index.hr	author	Matija Babić
Ishmael and the Return of the Dugongs	author	Michael Gerard Bauer
Quarry	author	Ally Kennen
Sufferings in Africa	author	James Riley
Solar	author	Ian McEwan
Wanna Be a Bride	author	Ghada Abdel Aal
The World Is My Home	author	James Michener
The Tenth Muse Lately Sprung Up in America	author	Anne Bradstreet
The God Stealer	author	F. Sionil José
The Battle	author	Patrick Rambaud
Palos of the Dog Star Pack	author	John Ulrich Giesy
Freddy and the Perilous Adventure	author	Walter R. Brooks
State of War	author	Ninotchka Rosca
Will Grayson, Will Grayson	author	John Green and David Levithan
Bamboo in the Wind	author	Azucena Grajo Uranza
‘GAPÔ	author	Lualhati Bautista
The Monster in the Box	author	Ruth Rendell
Journey Among Warriors	author	Ève Curie
Twice Blessed	author	Ninotchka Rosca
Alice's Adventures in Wonderland retold in words of one syllable	author	Lewis Carroll
Viajero	author	F. Sionil José
The Summer of the Danes	author	Ellis Peters
The Delicate Prey and Other Stories	author	Paul Bowles
Nepenthes of Borneo	author	Charles Clarke
Treatise on the Gods	author	H. L. Mencken
Sputnik	author	Christian Plesner Hansen
Sputnik	author	Sandholm
Mass	author	F. Sionil José
Otherworld Barbara	author	Moto Hagio
Tree	author	F. Sionil José
The Pretenders	author	F. Sionil José
Eumeswil	author	Ernst Jünger
Gamaran	author	Nakamaru Yousuke
The Ballad of Abu Ghraib	author	Philip Gourevitch
The Rosales Saga	author	F. Sionil José
Shinto Directive	author	Supreme Commander for the Allied Powers
On My Walk	author	Kari-Lynn Winters
Bedtime Tales	author	Yoko Mori
Dark Princess	author	W. E. B. Du Bois
A Fatal Grace	author	Louise Penny
Africa Bible Commentary	author	Tokunboh Adeyemo
Song of the Trees	author	Mildred D. Taylor
The Dragon's Lair	author	Elizabeth Haydon
I Walked with Heroes	author	Carlos P. Romulo
Father's Kill	author	Christopher Green
Illustrations of the Family of the Psittacidae, or Parrots	author	Edward Lear
The Mouthpiece of Zitu	author	John Ulrich Giesy
Jason, Son of Jason	author	John Ulrich Giesy
The Rage Against God	author	Peter Hitchens
Night and Day	author	Robert B. Parker
In the Claws of Brightness	author	Edgardo M. Reyes
Clara in Blunderland	author	Edward Harold Begbie
Lost in Blunderland	author	Edward Harold Begbie
Merry Tales	author	Mark Twain
Split Image	author	Robert B. Parker
New Fairy Tales	author	Hans Christian Andersen
EurOut.org	author	Sandra Showtime
Richard Bolitho, Midshipman	author	Douglas Reeman
Star Wars: The Old Republic: Fatal Alliance	author	Sean Williams
Patriotism	author	Yukio Mishima
Pitcher Plants of the Old World	author	Stewart McPherson
Eidolon I	author	Jonathan Strahan and Jeremy G. Byrne
Rewriting the Soul	author	Ian Hacking
Shadrach in the Furnace	author	Robert Silverberg
Collectors, Forgers — And A Writer: A Memoir	author	James Michener
The Master of Game	author	Edward, Duke of York
RapidSMS	author	UNICEF
Fairy Tales Told for Children	author	Hans Christian Andersen
Paper Cities	author	Ekaterina Sedia
ABC of Emergency Radiology	author	Dr Otto Chan
I Don't Care About Your Band	author	Julie Klausner
Venvaroha	author	Madhava of Sangamagrama
Listening for Lions	author	Gloria Whelan
The Holy Thief	author	Ellis Peters
Hourglass	author	Claudia Gray
More Dark Than Shark	author	Brian Eno and Russell Mills
The Farmer's Wife	author	Joe Simon and Jack Kirby
Kalingattuparani	author	Jayamkondar
Red	author	Sanae Rokuya
Moonlight Mile	author	Dennis Lehane
A Million Miles in a Thousand Years	author	Donald Miller
Purity and Danger	author	Mary Douglas
Natural Symbols	author	Mary Douglas
Satanas sa Lupa	author	Celso Al. Carunungan
I Ran Away with a Truck Driver	author	Matt Baker
Sleepless	author	Charlie Huston
Waking the Witch	author	Kelley Armstrong
Risk and Blame	author	Mary Douglas
Zone of Emptiness	author	Hiroshi Noma
Hush, Hush	author	Becca Fitzpatrick
Darkness, Take My Hand	author	Dennis Lehane
The Art of Racing in the Rain	author	Garth Stein
9th Sleep	author	Makoto Tateno
Finding Chandra	author	Scott Higham
Finding Chandra	author	Sari Horwitz
Cactus's Secret	author	Nana Haruta
Breadpig	author	Alexis Ohanian
A Passing Season	author	Azucena Grajo Uranza
The Road to Total Freedom	author	Roy Wallis
Feast of the Innocents	author	Azucena Grajo Uranza
Women of Tammuz	author	Azucena Grajo Uranza
Alice in the Country of Hearts	author	Quin Rose
Miracle Cure	author	Harlan Coben
Play Dead	author	Harlan Coben
I, Sniper	author	Stephen Hunter
Gone for Good	author	Harlan Coben
Free Speech, %22The People's Darling Privilege%22	author	Michael Kent Curtis
Rin!	author	Satoru Kannagi
I'll Be Your Slave	author	Miki Araya
Blood Honey	author	Sakyou Yozakura
Symposium	author	Muriel Spark
Night of the Grizzlies	author	Jack Olsen
The Black Riders and Other Lines	author	Stephen Crane
Romantic Illusions	author	Reiichi Hiiro
The Attenbury Emeralds	author	Jill Paton Walsh
Stepping on Roses	author	Rinko Ueda
The Keeper of Secrets	author	Lester Goran
The Demon in the Sun Parlor	author	Lester Goran
IC in a Sunflower	author	Mitsukazu Mihara
Iguana Girl	author	Moto Hagio
Idontwantdowry.com	author	P. Chidambaram
Walking Shadow	author	Robert B. Parker
The Oxford Book of Science Fiction Stories	author	Tom Shippey
Tonda Couple	author	Kimio Yanagisawa
Blockade Billy	author	Stephen King
Self Help	author	Edward Docx
Walk of the Spirits	author	Richie Tankersley Cusick
Spiritual Heritage of India	author	Swami Prabhavananda
Storm Warning	author	Linda Sue Park
The Treatment of Armenians in the Ottoman Empire	author	Arnold Joseph Toynbee
Minna Agechau	author	Hikaru Yuzuki
The Good Man Jesus and the Scoundrel Christ	author	Philip Pullman
Aşk-ı Memnu	author	Halit Ziya Uşaklıgil
The Short Second Life of Bree Tanner	author	Stephenie Meyer
The Slave	author	Isaac Bashevis Singer
The Life of Vertebrates	author	John Zachary Young
Straight White Male	author	Gerald Haslam
Taken by Force	author	J. Robert Lilly
A Scattered Life	author	Karen McQuestion
The Copper Elephant	author	Adam Rapp
Maza of the Moon	author	Otis Adelbert Kline
Children of the River	author	Linda Crew
Mektig og avmektig	author	Ivar Hippe
The Cruise of the Breadwinner	author	H. E. Bates
Bortreist på ubestemt tid	author	Sigrun Krokvik
Zhou Enlai: The Last Perfect Revolutionary	author	Gao Wenqian
Kai Lung Raises His Voice	author	Ernest Bramah
The Body of Christopher Creed	author	Carol Plum-Ucci
The Monstrumologist	author	Rick Yancey
B Gata H Kei	author	Yōko Sanri
The Settlers in Canada	author	Frederick Marryat
Glitz	author	Elmore Leonard
And Who Will Make the Chapatis%3F	author	Bishakha Datta, et al
Sin	author	F. Sionil José
Vibora!	author	F. Sionil José
Inventing the AIDS Virus	author	Peter H. Duesberg
Ben Singkol	author	F. Sionil José
St. Urbain's Horseman	author	Mordecai Richler
The Retreat	author	Patrick Rambaud
Son of a Smaller Hero	author	Mordecai Richler
Bring Me the Head of Prince Charming	author	Roger Zelazny
Bring Me the Head of Prince Charming	author	Robert Sheckley
A Choice of Enemies	author	Mordecai Richler
Jackson's Dilemma	author	Iris Murdoch
White Figure, White Ground	author	Hugh Hood
The Swing in the Garden	author	Hugh Hood
The Hockey Stick Illusion	author	Andrew Montford
The Gods Return	author	David Drake
Nonviolent Soldier of Islam	author	Eknath Easwaran
The Courtney Novels	author	Wilbur Smith
Naked Capitalism	author	Yves Smith
The Day the Dancers Came	author	Bienvenido N. Santos
Playing with Fire	author	Theoren Fleury
Playing with Fire	author	Kirstie McLellan Day
Spécialités de la Maison	author	Christine Schwartz Hartley
Spécialités de la Maison	author	Graydon Carter
Dracula the Undead	author	Freda Warrington
Rizal: Philippine Nationalist and Martyr	author	Austin Coates
24 for 3	author	'Jennie Walker'
Midnight and the Meaning of Love	author	Sister Souljah
The Big Honey Hunt	author	Stan and Jan Berenstain
Gandhi the Man	author	Eknath Easwaran
The Principal Upanishads	author	Sarvepalli Radhakrishnan
The Twelfth Card	author	Jeffery Deaver
I Was Told There'd Be Cake	author	Sloane Crosley
The Prisoner in the Opal	author	A. E. W. Mason
They Wouldn't Be Chessmen	author	A. E. W. Mason
The House in Lordship Lane	author	A. E. W. Mason
Skulduggery Pleasant: Mortal Coil	author	Derek Landy
The Nader Report on the Federal Trade Commission	author	Edward F. Cox, Robert C. Fellmeth, John E. Schulz
The Thousand Autumns of Jacob de Zoet	author	David Mitchell
The New Media Reader	author	Noah Wardrip-Fruin and Nick Montfort
Rules and Meanings	author	Mary Douglas
Into the Gauntlet	author	Margaret Peterson Haddix
The Moved and the Shaken	author	Ken Dryden
The Head of the House of Coombe	author	Frances Hodgson Burnett
House of Five Leaves	author	Natsume Ono
A Captain's Duty	author	Richard Phillips with Stephan Talty
Big River, Big Sea	author	Lung Ying-tai
Foundations of Geopolitics	author	Alexander Dugin
Kyō, Koi o Hajimemasu	author	Kanan Minami
Freaky Green Eyes	author	Joyce Carol Oates
Beautiful People	author	Mitsukazu Mihara
Evolution: The Story of Life	author	Douglas Palmer
South Sea Tales	author	Jack London
The Mind's Eye	author	Oliver Sacks
The Elephant Whisperer	author	Lawrence Anthony with Graham Spence
The Book of Khalid	author	Ameen Rihani or Ameen Fares Rihani
The Seventh Scroll	author	Wilbur Smith
Rapture of the Deep	author	Louis A. Meyer
Extracts from Adam's Diary	author	Mark Twain
The $30,000 Bequest and Other Stories	author	Mark Twain
My Platonic Sweetheart	author	Mark Twain
Concerning the Jews	author	Mark Twain
The Big Short	author	Michael Lewis
Monday or Tuesday	author	Virginia Woolf
Peddling Prosperity	author	Paul Krugman
A Carne	author	Júlio Ribeiro
Arakawa Under the Bridge	author	Hikaru Nakamura
The Beacon	author	Susan Hill
Ornamentalism	author	David Cannadine
Library Lion	author	Michelle Knudsen
Skyhigh	author	Tsutomu Takahashi
Tinkers	author	Paul Harding
The Dead Republic	author	Roddy Doyle
Red Dog	author	Nancy Gillespie
The Races of Europe	author	Carleton S. Coon
The Dead Hand	author	David E. Hoffman
Children of the Corn	author	Stephen King
Marker	author	Robin Cook
The Strange Case of Origami Yoda	author	Tom Angleberger
Stockade	author	Centre for Advanced Internet Architectures  at Swinburne University of Technology
The Wonderful Visit	author	H. G. Wells
Tao: On the Road and on the Run in Outlaw China	author	Aya Goda
The Lele of the Kasai	author	Mary Douglas
Ash	author	Malinda Lo
FlockDB	author	Nick Kallen, Robey Pointer, John Kalucki and Ed Ceaser from Twitter
Gizzard	author	Robey Pointer, Nick Kallen, Ed Ceaser, Matt Freels, John Kalucki from Twitter
In Mike We Trust	author	P. E. Ryan
Spark of Life	author	Erich Maria Remarque
The Dark Abode	author	Sarojini Sahoo
Not So Quiet: Stepdaughters of War	author	Helen Zenna Smith
Frame-IT!	author	Bruce Hearder
Sprout	author	Dale Peck
The Sexual Paradox	author	Susan Pinker
Grace Abounding to the Chief of Sinners	author	John Bunyan
Vellum	author	Hal Duncan
Italian Shoes	author	Henning Mankell
Girls Gone Mild	author	Wendy Shalit
Star Island	author	Carl Hiaasen
Monk Dawson	author	Piers Paul Read
For the Win	author	Cory Doctorow
The Freshest Boy	author	F. Scott Fitzgerald
The Vast Fields of Ordinary	author	Nick Burd
Spells	author	Aprilynne Pike
How It Happened	author	Arthur Conan Doyle
After Ever After	author	Jordan Sonnenblick
Essence of the Upanishads	author	Eknath Easwaran
The Assisi Underground	author	Alexander Ramati
Gagamba	author	F. Sionil José
Meredith and Co.	author	George Mills
Sherds	author	F. Sionil José
Lost Hearts	author	M.R. James
Noah's Brother	author	Dick King-Smith
Dragon Boy	author	Dick King-Smith
The Visual Encyclopedia of Science Fiction	author	Brian Ash
Ganapati	author	Chilakamarthi Lakshminarasimham
Prajapati	author	Samaresh Basu
Arata: The Legend	author	Yuu Watase
Ashling	author	Isobelle Carmody
A View from a Hill	author	M.R. James
February Shadows	author	Elisabeth Reichart
Eagle in the Sky	author	Wilbur Smith
The Improvisatore	author	Hans Christian Andersen
Tales of Soldiers and Civilians	author	Ambrose Bierce
Pete the Cat	author	Eric Litwin
A New Athens	author	Hugh Hood
Men at Work: The Craft of Baseball	author	George Will
McOndo	author	Alberto Fuguet and Sergio Gómez eds.
Matterhorn: A Novel of the Vietnam War	author	Karl Marlantes
The Blind Barber	author	John Dickson Carr
The Good Soldiers	author	David Finkel
Treasures of the Snow	author	Patricia St. John
Hunting the Snark	author	Robert Peters
Dead or Alive	author	Tom Clancy, with Grant Blackwood
The Tatami Galaxy	author	Tomihiko Morimi
Under the Deodars	author	Rudyard Kipling
Chinese Cinderella: The Mystery of the Song Dynasty Painting	author	Adeline Yen Mah
The Adventures of Paddy the Beaver	author	Thornton W. Burgess
Radiant Shadows	author	Melissa Marr
Inverted World	author	Christopher Priest
Directive 51	author	John Barnes
Cybele's Secret	author	Juliet Marillier
Beware the Stranger	author	Ahmed Khalifa
Little Darlings	author	Jacqueline Wilson
Island Beneath the Sea	author	Isabel Allende
Zones	author	Damien Broderick and Rory Barnes
Stuck in Fast Forward	author	Damien Broderick
Stuck in Fast Forward	author	Rory Barnes
Savage Range	author	Luke Short
Dragon Haven	author	Robin Hobb
Electric Light	author	Seamus Heaney
The White House Doctor	author	Connie Mariano
Spectrum Culture	author	David Harris
Decision Points	author	George Walker Bush
Tongues of Serpents	author	Naomi Novik
Cubesat Space Protocol	author	AAUSAT3
Obama Zombies	author	Jason Mattera
Dance on My Grave	author	Aidan Chambers
Major Decisions: Taking Charge of Your College Education	author	Henry J. Eyring
Cryoburn	author	Lois McMaster Bujold
Wild Cargo	author	Frank Buck
Wild Cargo	author	Edward Anthony
Fireworks and Darkness	author	Natalie Jane Prior
Revolutionary Suicide	author	Huey P. Newton
The Magician of Lhasa	author	David Michie
By This Axe I Rule!	author	Robert E. Howard
Fang and Claw	author	Frank Buck
Fang and Claw	author	Ferrin Fraser
TechEye	author	Mike Magee, James Crowley, and Allan Rutherford
Bhagavad Gita	author	Winthrop Sargeant
Outside Over There	author	Maurice Sendak
The Faraway Lurs	author	Harry Behn
Giant Killing	author	Masaya Tsunamoto
The White Queen	author	Philippa Gregory
A Matter of Chance	author	Vladimir Nabokov
Necroscope	author	Brian Lumley
Necroscope II: Wamphyri	author	Brian Lumley
Necroscope III: The Source	author	Brian Lumley
Necroscope V: Deadspawn	author	Brian Lumley
Necroscope IV: Deadspeak	author	Brian Lumley
The Last Aerie	author	Brian Lumley
Tim Thompson in the Jungle	author	Frank Buck
Tim Thompson in the Jungle	author	Ferrin Fraser
Blood Brothers	author	Brian Lumley
Kakashi	author	Junji Ito
They Call Me Baba Booey	author	Gary Dell'Abate
They Call Me Baba Booey	author	Chad Millman
Making Europe Unconquerable	author	Gene Sharp
Handbook of Religion and Health	author	Harold G. Koenig
Handbook of Religion and Health	author	Michael McCullough
Handbook of Religion and Health	author	David B. Larson
How Beautiful the Ordinary	author	Michael Cart, editor
Details of a Sunset	author	Vladimir Nabokov
Kingyo Used Books	author	Seimu Yoshizaki
A Dog on Barkham Street	author	Mary Stolz
Irish Fairy Tales	author	James Stephens
Jungle Animals	author	Frank Buck
Jungle Animals	author	Ferrin Fraser
Echoes of Valor	author	Karl Edward Wagner
Echoes of Valor II	author	Karl Edward Wagner
Echoes of Valor III	author	Karl Edward Wagner
Aalaap mein girah	author	Geet Chaturvedi
Straight Up	author	Joseph J. Romm
The Psychology of Religion and Coping	author	Kenneth I. Pargament
The Collected Stories of Amy Hempel	author	Amy Hempel
Metamaterials: Physics and Engineering Explorations	author	Nader Engheta and Richard W. Ziolkowski
Echoes of Life	author	Susan M. Gaines, Geoffrey Eglinton, and Jurgen Rullkotter
Carbon Dreams	author	Susan M. Gaines
Lemurs of Madagascar	author	Russell Mittermeier
Lemurs of Madagascar	author	Edward E. Louis, Jr.
Lemurs of Madagascar	author	Matthew Richardson
Lemurs of Madagascar	author	Christoph Schwitzer
Lemurs of Madagascar	author	et al.
No Time For Goodbye	author	Linwood Barclay
The Executioner	author	Stefan Kisyov
Beatrice and Virgil	author	Yann Martel
Shetkaryaca Asud	author	Jyotirao Phule
E-novine	author	Srđan Kusovac
The Tragedy of Today's Gays	author	Larry Kramer
Once You're Lucky, Twice You're Good	author	Sarah Lacy
Too Close to Home	author	Linwood Barclay
Fear the Worst	author	Linwood Barclay
The Scarecrows	author	Robert Westall
Pitcher-Plants of Borneo	author	Anthea Phillipps
Pitcher-Plants of Borneo	author	Anthony Lamb
Pitcher-Plants of Borneo	author	Ch'ien Lee
Win Shares	author	Bill James and
Win Shares	author	Jim Henzler
Jan's story	author	Barry Petersen
Marx and Human Nature: Refutation of a Legend	author	Norman Geras
Ransom	author	David Malouf
The World and Wikipedia	author	Andrew Dalby
The Carnal Prayer Mat	author	Li Yu
RakNet	author	Jenkins Software LLC
Expressive Processing	author	Noah Wardrip-Fruin
On Hallowed Ground	author	Colin McComb
The Alchemy of Stone	author	Ekaterina Sedia
The Householder	author	Ruth Prawer Jhabvala
The Morganville Vampires	author	Rachel Caine
The Lolly-Madonna War	author	Sue Grafton
Damned	author	Chuck Palahniuk
History Upside Down	author	David Meir-Levi
Lankar of Callisto	author	Lin Carter
Source Decay	author	Charlie Jane Anders
The Virtual Disappearance of Miriam	author	Martyn Bedford
LessWrong	author	Eliezer Yudkowsky
Renegade of Callisto	author	Lin Carter
Thin Air	author	Robert B. Parker
Ylana of Callisto	author	Lin Carter
Time Travelers Never Die	author	Jack McDevitt
Designing Virtual Worlds	author	Richard Bartle
More Than Conquerors	author	Edilberto K. Tiempo
The Rainbow Cadenza	author	J. Neil Schulman
Killer Instinct	author	Joseph Finder
Mind Wizards of Callisto	author	Lin Carter
Truman	author	David McCullough
The Bridge: The Life and Rise of Barack Obama	author	David Remnick
Cry Slaughter!	author	Edilberto K. Tiempo
Pollard	author	Laura Beatty
Crisis in Space	author	Michael Holt
Search for the Doctor	author	Dave Martin
Herculine Barbin: Being the Recently Discovered Memoirs of a Nineteenth-century French Hermaphrodite	author	Herculine Barbin and Michel Foucault
Creature in the Teacher	author	Christopher Pike
The Carrie Diaries	author	Candace Bushnell
The Chess Master	author	Zhong Acheng
The Multiple Effects of Rainshadow	author	Thea Astley
A Quiet Belief In Angels	author	R J Ellory
Ancient Futures	author	Helena Norberg-Hodge
Monsieur Beaucaire	author	Booth Tarkington
Max and the Cats	author	Moacyr Scliar
Cardcaptor Sakura	author	Clamp
Cardcaptor Sakura	author	Clamp
Angel: A Maximum Ride Novel	author	James Patterson
A Pack of Lies	author	Geraldine McCaughrean
The True Deceiver	author	Tove Jansson
Mad Empress of Callisto	author	Lin Carter
Apollo 23	author	Justin Richards
Outcast	author	Michelle Paver
Princess Jellyfish	author	Akiko Higashimura
Homebase	author	Shawn Wong
Goggle-Eyes	author	Anne Fine
Sky Pirates of Callisto	author	Lin Carter
Microsoft Pinpoint	author	Microsoft
Doing Business in 21st Century India	author	Gunjan Bagla
The 9th Judgment	author	James Patterson and Maxine Paetro
King Matt the First	author	Janusz Korczak
Oath Breaker	author	Michelle Paver
Power Hungry	author	Robert Bryce
Black Legion of Callisto	author	Lin Carter
The Rootkit Arsenal: Escape and Evasion in the Dark Corners of the System	author	Bill Blunden
The School for Atheists	author	Arno Schmidt
The Phantom 'Rickshaw and Other Tales	author	Rudyard Kipling
The September Society	author	Charles Finch
Fatwa on Terrorism	author	Muhammad Tahir-ul-Qadri
Fatwa on Terrorism	author	John Esposito
Fatwa on Terrorism	author	Joel Hayward
The Daleth Effect	author	Harry Harrison
Jandar of Callisto	author	Lin Carter
The Life You Can Save	author	Peter Singer
Gears of War: Anvil Gate	author	Karen Traviss
The Castle in the Attic	author	Elizabeth Winthrop
Kamisama Kiss	author	Julietta Suzuki
Pastoralia	author	George Saunders
CivilWarLand in Bad Decline	author	George Saunders
In Persuasion Nation	author	George Saunders
The Immortals of Meluha	author	Amish Tripathi
Haciendas de Jalisco y Aledaños	author	Ricardo Lancaster-Jones y Verea
The White Hart	author	Nancy Springer
The High Place	author	James Branch Cabell
R.I.P.: Requiem in Phonybrian	author	Mitsukazu Mihara
Spirituality for Use in Health Research	author	Fetzer Institute / National Institute on Aging Working Group
The Little Bookroom	author	Eleanor Farjeon
The Tree of Seasons	author	Stephen Gately
Unstoppable Global Warming: Every 1,500 Years	author	Fred Singer
Unstoppable Global Warming: Every 1,500 Years	author	Dennis T. Avery
The Runaway Train	author	Oli Smith
The Doctor In War	author	Woods Hutchinson
Finch	author	Jeff VanderMeer
The Incredible Origins of the Onyx Sun	author	Christopher Mahoney
The Sensitive Man	author	Poul Anderson
Fasting, Feasting	author	Anita Desai
The Diamond Pit	author	Jack Dann
Why We Disagree About Climate Change	author	Mike Hulme
The Smartest Guys in the Room	author	Bethany McLean
The Smartest Guys in the Room	author	Peter Elkind
The Twelve Kingdoms: The Vast Spread of the Seas	author	Fuyumi Ono
The Rogue	author	Trudi Canavan
Rainbow: Nisha Rokubō no Shichinin	author	George Abe
Zen Wrapped in Karma Dipped in Chocolate	author	Brad Warner
Green Monkey Dreams	author	Isobelle Carmody
Ghost Story	author	Jim Butcher
Eaarth	author	Bill McKibben
The End of Nature	author	Bill McKibben
Wee Willie Winkie and Other Child Stories	author	Rudyard Kipling
Extraordinary Canadians: Marshall McLuhan	author	Douglas Coupland
The Interpreter	author	Suki Kim
City Primeval	author	Elmore Leonard
The Merman's Children	author	Poul Anderson
The End of the Free Market	author	Ian Bremmer
Beer in the Snooker Club	author	Waguih Ghali
So This Is How It Ends	author	Tui T. Sutherland
The Very Persistent Gappers of Frip	author	George Saunders
Suki Desu Suzuki-kun!!	author	Gō Ikeyamada
Lies of Silence	author	Brian Moore
The Braindead Megaphone	author	George Saunders
The Big Rich	author	Bryan Burrough
Rock-Paper-Sumo	author	Frima Studio
Don't Look Behind You	author	Lois Duncan
Ralph the Heir	author	Anthony Trollope
The Bridge	author	Franz Kafka
America by Heart	author	Sarah Palin
Alternate Tyrants	author	Mike Resnick
Allies	author	Christie Golden
A History of Banking in all the Leading Nations	author	thirteen authors; edited by William Dodsworth
La Satanica	author	Momoko Tenzen
Napoleon Bonaparte: An Intimate Biography	author	Vincent Cronin
The Silence of the Sirens	author	Franz Kafka
The God of the Hive	author	Laurie R. King
A Common Confusion	author	Franz Kafka
Night of the Humans	author	David Llewellyn
Windows Phone Store	author	Microsoft
The Haunting of Hiram C. Hopgood	author	Eva Ibbotson
GoGo Monster	author	Taiyō Matsumoto
American History: A Survey	author	Richard N. Current
American History: A Survey	author	T. Harry Williams
American History: A Survey	author	Frank Freidel
American History: A Survey	author	Alan Brinkley
Nomad: From Islam to America	author	Ayaan Hirsi Ali
The Fellowship of the Ring	author	J. R. R. Tolkien
Trent's Own Case	author	E.C. Bentley
Trent's Own Case	author	H. Warner Allen
The City Coat of Arms	author	Franz Kafka
Lines and Shadows	author	Joseph Wambaugh
Impressions of Theophrastus Such	author	George Eliot
Mantram Handbook	author	Eknath Easwaran
Of Love and Evil	author	Anne Rice
Ten	author	Nobuyuki Fukumoto
Irish Ghost, English Accent	author	Graham Jones
Cuneus Prophetarum	author	Pjetër Bogdani
Desmond	author	Charlotte Smith
Planet Google	author	Randall Stross
Go	author	Kazuki Kaneshiro
Kingdoms of Elfin	author	Sylvia Townsend Warner
Lolly Willowes	author	Sylvia Townsend Warner
Two Blondes	author	Charlaine Harris
Stalking	author	Joyce Carol Oates
Valencia	author	Michelle Tea
The Strangest Man	author	Graham Farmelo
Inlage	author	www.sciberware.com
Last Sacrifice	author	Richelle Mead
Split Images	author	Elmore Leonard
It's a Battlefield	author	Graham Greene
If Israel Lost the War	author	Robert Littell, Richard Z. Chesnoff and Edward Klein
Henry and Beezus	author	Beverly Cleary
City of Fallen Angels	author	Cassandra Clare
Gorgeous East	author	Robert Girardi
The Married Couple	author	Franz Kafka
The Hunted	author	Elmore Leonard
A People's Tragedy	author	Orlando Figes
Life and Death of a Spanish Town	author	Elliot Paul
Self-Efficacy	author	Albert Bandura
The Quants	author	Scott Patterson
The Predators' Ball	author	Connie Bruck
Asshole: How I Got Rich and Happy by Not Giving a Shit About You	author	Martin Kihn
The Happiness Hypothesis	author	Jonathan Haidt
Cartwheels in a Sari	author	
The Accidental Billionaires	author	Ben Mezrich
IP Illustrated	author	W. Richard Stevens
David Blaize	author	E. F. Benson
Midget	author	Tim Bowler
The Borrowers Afield	author	Mary Norton
Solar Electricity Handbook	author	Michael boxwell
Cuando quiero llorar no lloro	author	Miguel Otero Silva
Where Men Win Glory	author	Jon Krakauer
Pictures from the Water Trade	author	John David Morley
Black Canaan	author	Robert E. Howard
The Clock Without a Face	author	Eli Horowitz, Mac Barnett
Maya	author	Alastair Campbell
Pappa polis	author	Laura Trenter
A Wilderness of Vines	author	Hal Bennett
Lord of Dark Places	author	Hal Bennett
Emma Brown	author	Clare Boylan
Emma Brown	author	Charlotte Brontë
In the Labyrinth	author	John David Morley
The Case of Thomas N.	author	John David Morley
The Feast of Fools	author	John David Morley
The Anatomy Lesson	author	John David Morley
Destiny, or The Attraction of Affinities	author	John David Morley
The Mystic Archives of Dantalian	author	Gakuto Mikumo
Journey to the End of the Whale	author	John David Morley
Passage	author	John David Morley
The Book of Opposites	author	John David Morley
Chelsea Chelsea Bang Bang	author	Chelsea Handler
East of the Mountains	author	David Guterson
Boneshaker	author	Cherie Priest
The Barn Burner	author	Patricia Willis
Mathematical Methods in the Physical Sciences	author	Mary L. Boas
Roopit	author	Roopit Technologies
I Am Not a Serial Killer	author	Dan Wells
Mr. Monster	author	Dan Wells
The Bronze Horseman	author	Paullina Simons
Another Bullshit Night in Suck City	author	Nick Flynn
Young Sherlock Holmes: Death Cloud	author	Andy Lane
At Home: A Short History of Private Life	author	Bill Bryson
The L-Shaped Room	author	Lynne Reid Banks
It's Bigger Than Hip Hop	author	M.K. Asante, Jr.
Starseeker	author	Tim Bowler
Dayworld Rebel	author	Philip José Farmer
B Is for Beer	author	Tom Robbins
Encyclopædia Britannica Ultimate Reference Suite	author	Encyclopædia Britannica, Inc.
People Like Us	author	Waleed Aly
The Emperors of Chocolate	author	Joël Glenn Brenner
Blood Oath	author	Christopher Farnsworth
Stack Exchange	author	Jeff Atwood and Joel Spolsky
The Saint, the Surfer, and the CEO	author	Robin Sharma
Workers	author	Helen Couchman
The Problem of Our Laws	author	Franz Kafka
Gusher of Lies	author	Robert Bryce
Bloodchild	author	Tim Bowler
Chords of Strength	author	David Archuleta
This Passionate Land	author	Hal Bennett
Worth Dying For	author	Lee Child
Your Dream Home	author	Hubbard Cobb
It's So Amazing	author	Robie Harris
Gideon's Sword	author	Douglas Preston
Gideon's Sword	author	Lincoln Child
Wait Until the Evening	author	Hal Bennett
Heavenly Breakfast	author	Samuel R. Delany
The Salt Eaters	author	Toni Cade Bambara
The New Confessions	author	William Boyd
Good Calories, Bad Calories	author	Gary Taubes
Weird City	author	Joshua Long
Dragon Nest	author	Eyedentity Games
Crazy	author	William Peter Blatty
The 19th Wife	author	David Ebershoff
Oru Sankeerthanam Pole	author	Perumbadavam Sreedharan
Bunduki	author	J. T. Edson
Purity in Death	author	J. D. Robb
The Fields	author	Conrad Richter
Common Nonsense	author	Alexander Zaitchik
Mr. Potter	author	Jamaica Kincaid
A Short History of the English People	author	John Richard Green
Requiem	author	Robyn Young
The Pilgrim of Hate	author	Ellis Peters
Nepenthes of Mount Kinabalu	author	Shigeo Kurata
Medium Raw	author	Anthony Bourdain
No Reservations: Around the World on an Empty Stomach	author	Anthony Bourdain
Random Harvest	author	James Hilton
Promises in Death	author	J. D. Robb
The Overton Window	author	Glenn Beck
Abercrombie Station	author	Jack Vance
The Hoosier Schoolmaster	author	Edward Eggleston
The Wolf-Sisters	author	Susan Price
The Passage	author	Justin Cronin
A Lot of Hard Yakka	author	Simon Hughes
The Gilt Kid	author	James Curtis
Terry Carr's Best Science Fiction of the Year	author	edited by  Terry Carr
Leave the Light On	author	Jennifer Storm
Aliwa!	author	Dallas Winmar
Zen Ties	author	Jon J. Muth
Senki Senki Momotama	author	Nanae Chrono
The Council of Dads	author	Bruce Feiler
Colonel Roosevelt	author	Edmund Morris
The Twin	author	Gerbrand Bakker
When All You've Ever Wanted Isn't Enough	author	Harold Kushner
Battles of the Clans	author	Erin Hunter
Statecraft: Strategies for a Changing World	author	Margaret Thatcher
A Dream of Kings	author	Davis Grubb
The Tourist	author	Olen Steinhauer
Intellectuals and Society	author	Thomas Sowell
Maelstrom	author	Taylor Anderson
The Bucket Rider	author	Franz Kafka
A Crossbreed	author	Franz Kafka
Implicit Meanings	author	Mary Douglas
The Winds of Winter	author	George R. R. Martin
The Lost Hero	author	Rick Riordan
Shukufuku no Campanella	author	Windmill Oasis
Incarceron	author	Catherine Fisher
Final Theory	author	Mark Alpert
Hingede öö	author	Karl Ristikivi
Rakvere romaan	author	Jaan Kross
Põlev lipp	author	Karl Ristikivi
Ohvrilaev	author	Gert Helbemäe
Mõrsjalinik	author	Karl Ristikivi
Lohe hambad	author	Karl Ristikivi
Nõiduse õpilane	author	Karl Ristikivi
Mees, kes teadis ussisõnu	author	Andrus Kivirähk
Mäeküla piimamees	author	Eduard Vilde
Kahekordne mäng	author	Karl Ristikivi
Rohtaed	author	Karl Ristikivi
Imede saar	author	Karl Ristikivi
The Same River	author	Jaan Kaplinski
Soomustüdruk	author	Leida Kibuvits
Rõõmulaul	author	Karl Ristikivi
Rooma päevik	author	Karl Ristikivi
Surma ratsanikud	author	Karl Ristikivi
Õilsad südamed	author	Karl Ristikivi
Tuli ja raud	author	Karl Ristikivi
Viimne linn	author	Karl Ristikivi
Õige mehe koda	author	Karl Ristikivi
Ik had een wapenbroeder	author	Maarten 't Hart
De droomkoningin	author	Maarten 't Hart
De kroongetuige	author	Maarten 't Hart
De nakomer	author	Maarten 't Hart
Onder de korenmaat	author	Maarten 't Hart
De ortolaan	author	Maarten 't Hart
Lotte Weeda	author	Maarten 't Hart
De steile helling	author	Maarten 't Hart
De jacobsladder	author	Maarten 't Hart
Het uur tussen hond en wolf	author	Maarten 't Hart
Het psalmenoproer	author	Maarten 't Hart
Age Called Blue	author	Est em
Pipe Dreams: Greed, Ego, and the Death of Enron	author	Robert Bryce
Mazinkaizer SKL	author	Kazumi Hoshi
Children and Television: Lessons from Sesame Street	author	Gerald S. Lesser
Les Fiançailles de M. Hire	author	Georges Simenon
Chaosbound	author	David Farland
Aranyak	author	Bibhutibhushan Bandopadhyay
The Devil's Breath	author	David Gilman
They Drive by Night	author	James Curtis
Night and the City	author	Gerald Kersh
Hey, Class President!	author	Kaori Monchi
The First Stage of Love	author	Kazuhiko Mishima
The Ultimate Entrepreneur	author	Glenn Rifkin
The Ultimate Entrepreneur	author	George Harrar
The Silmarillion	author	J. R. R. Tolkien
The Secret Diary of Laura Palmer	author	Jennifer Lynch
Here's the Deal: Don't Touch Me	author	Howie Mandel with Josh Young
Welcome to Obamaland	author	James Delingpole
The 1972 Annual World's Best SF	author	edited by  Donald A. Wollheim and Arthur W. Saha
Betrayer of Worlds	author	Larry Niven and Edward M. Lerner
The 1973 Annual World's Best SF	author	edited by  Donald A. Wollheim and Arthur W. Saha
Pronto	author	Elmore Leonard
Mannan Magal	author	Sandilyan
The 1974 Annual World's Best SF	author	edited by  Donald A. Wollheim and Arthur W. Saha
Blood Colony	author	Tananarive Due
Mysterious Girlfriend X	author	Riichi Ueshiba
The Spirit of the Liturgy	author	Joseph Cardinal Ratzinger
The 1975 Annual World's Best SF	author	edited by  Donald A. Wollheim and Arthur W. Saha
I'll Get There. It Better Be Worth the Trip	author	John Donovan
The 1976 Annual World's Best SF	author	edited by  Donald A. Wollheim and Arthur W. Saha
The 1977 Annual World's Best SF	author	edited by  Donald A. Wollheim and Arthur W. Saha
The Secret Life of Bill Clinton	author	Ambrose Evans-Pritchard
The Sadeian Woman and the Ideology of Pornography	author	Angela Carter
Kadal Pura	author	Sandilyan
According to Mark	author	Penelope Lively
Passing On	author	Penelope Lively
Afterschool Charisma	author	Kumiko Suekane
John Bull's Adventures in the Fiscal Wonderland	author	Charles Geake and Francis Carruthers Gould
Lords of Finance	author	Liaquat Ahamed
The Pursuit of Glory	author	Tim Blanning
After America	author	John Birmingham
Strawberry Shortcakes	author	Kiriko Nananan
Witz	author	Joshua Cohen
Truth	author	Peter Temple
The Fort	author	Bernard Cornwell
The Prize of Peril	author	Robert Sheckley
From Social State to Minimal State	author	Anders Fogh Rasmussen
First Light	author	Rebecca Stead
Snuff	author	Terry Pratchett
The Burning Wire	author	Jeffery Deaver
The Confession of Brother Haluin	author	Ellis Peters
The Nightmare Man	author	Joseph Lidster
Lover's Pledge	author	Kae Maruya
The Legend of the Legendary Heroes	author	Takaya Kagami
The Legend of the Legendary Heroes	author	Takaya Kagami
Love Control	author	Ai Hasukawa
Men, Martians and Machines	author	Eric Frank Russell
Colt	author	NIST
The Mongoliad	author	*
The Mongoliad	author	Neal Stephenson
The Mongoliad	author	Greg Bear
Earth	author	Jon Stewart
Earth	author	David Javerbaum
Earth	author	Rory Albanese
Earth	author	Steve Bodow
Earth	author	Josh Lieb
Earth	author	with
Earth	author	Kevin Bleyer
Earth	author	Rich Blomquist
Earth	author	Tim Carvell
Earth	author	Wyatt Cenac
Earth	author	Hallie Haglund
Earth	author	J. R. Havlan
Earth	author	Elliott Kalan
Earth	author	Sam Means
Earth	author	Jo Miller
Earth	author	John Oliver
Earth	author	Daniel Radosh
Earth	author	Jason Ross
Death of the Doctor	author	Gary Russell
Borderlands	author	Peter Carter
St. Olaf's Church in Tyrvää	author	Kuutti Lavonen
St. Olaf's Church in Tyrvää	author	Osmo Rauhala
St. Olaf's Church in Tyrvää	author	Pirjo Silveri
All My Friends Are Dead	author	Avery Monsen and Jory John
Stickfighting Days	author	Olufemi Terry
The House of Fear	author	Ibne Safi
All My Darling Daughters	author	Fumi Yoshinaga
Ubetoo	author	Anna-Clara Blixt Modin, Thomas Flores, Fredrik Johansson
Cane River	author	Lalita Tademy
The Treasure of Abbot Thomas	author	M.R. James
Hot Tails	author	Toshiki Yui
The Red Pyramid	author	Rick Riordan
Portrait in Death	author	J. D. Robb
The Year's Best Science Fiction: Twenty-Seventh Annual Collection	author	Edited by Gardner Dozois
Junaio	author	Metaio GmbH
The 1990 Annual World's Best SF	author	edited by  Donald A. Wollheim and Arthur W. Saha
Touch and Go	author	Tesco Vee
Touch and Go	author	Dave Stimson
Touch and Go	author	The Fix
Merchants of Doubt	author	Naomi Oreskes
Merchants of Doubt	author	Erik M. Conway
My Best Friend Bob	author	Georgie Ripper
Donnie Brasco: My Undercover Life in the Mafia	author	Joseph D. Pistone
Everything Matters!	author	Ron Currie Jr.
Lady Anna	author	Anthony Trollope
Doubt Is Their Product	author	David Michaels
The Panic Zone	author	Rick Mofina
The Feather Men	author	Ranulph Fiennes
The Second Trip	author	Robert Silverberg
Mitsudomoe	author	Norio Sakurai
A Clan in Need	author	Erin Hunter
App Inventor for Android	author	Google, Inc.
Democracy and the Common Wealth	author	Michael E. Arth
And Still I Rise	author	Maya Angelou
Killer Company	author	Matt Peacock
Star Trek Concordance	author	Bjo Trimble
On Parables	author	Franz Kafka
The Ways of White Folks	author	Langston Hughes
The Third Man: Life at the Heart of New Labour	author	Peter Mandelson
The Mad Ship	author	Robin Hobb
Processing.js	author	John Resig
The 1978 Annual World's Best SF	author	edited by  Donald A. Wollheim and Arthur W. Saha
Warlock	author	Wilbur Smith
The Quest	author	Wilbur Smith
The 1980 Annual World's Best SF	author	edited by  Donald A. Wollheim and Arthur W. Saha
The 1979 Annual World's Best SF	author	edited by  Donald A. Wollheim and Arthur W. Saha
A New System of Domestic Cookery	author	Maria Eliza Rundell
Exotic Zoology	author	Willy Ley
Tigerlily's Orchids	author	Ruth Rendell
Losing Our Religion	author	S. E. Cupp
Pilcrow	author	Adam Mars-Jones
A Gypsy Good Time	author	Gustav Hasford
Bullet	author	Laurell K. Hamilton
Aspects of the Novel	author	E. M. Forster
Nothing Natural	author	Jenny Diski
The Naama War	author	Charles R. Saunders
Dossouye	author	Charles R. Saunders
Three Weeks with My Brother	author	Nicholas Sparks and Micah Sparks
Dragon Crisis!	author	Kaya Kizaki
Young Hitler	author	Claus Hant with
Young Hitler	author	James Trivers, Alan Roche
Under the Window	author	Kate Greenaway
Under the Window	author	Edmund Evans
The Ballantyne Novels	author	Wilbur Smith
Starling	author	Blaine Cook
Why I Am a Separatist	author	Marcel Chaput
A Pele do Ogro	author	Miguel M. Abrahão
A Escola	author	Miguel M. Abrahão
Vasant ke Hatyare	author	Hrishikesh Sulabh
Harry the Dirty Dog	author	Gene Zion
Los Restos Indígenas de Pichilemu	author	José Toribio Medina
Worldchanging	author	Alex Steffen
Love Me Sailor	author	Robert Close
House Rules	author	Jodi Picoult
Rock & Roll Jihad: A Muslim Rock Star's Revolution	author	Salman Ahmad
Dry Heat	author	Yugi Yamada
The Heart of a Warrior	author	Erin Hunter
The Magic Touch	author	Izumi Tsubaki
The King of Debt	author	Sanae Rokuya
SkyClan's Destiny	author	Erin Hunter
The Terrible Privacy of Maxwell Sim	author	Jonathan Coe
Dark Metro	author	Tokyo Calen
Getting It Wrong from the Beginning	author	Kieran Egan
The Skin I'm In	author	Sharon G. Flake
Tut.By	author	Yury Zisser
Digimap	author	EDINA
L'Épreuve	author	Pierre Carlet de Chamblain de Marivaux
La Fausse Suivante	author	Pierre Carlet de Chamblain de Marivaux
Le Préjugé vaincu	author	Pierre Carlet de Chamblain de Marivaux
The Confession of Sultana Daku	author	Sujit Saraf
Sticky Beak	author	Morris Gleitzman
Under Heaven	author	Guy Gavriel Kay
Crisis of Conscience	author	Raymond Franz
The Truth about Sancho Panza	author	Franz Kafka
Kate Plus Ten	author	Edgar Wallace
Fire Over England	author	A. E. W. Mason
Prosperity Without Growth	author	Tim Jackson
The Ruby Dice	author	Catherine Asaro
Times Without Number	author	John Brunner
Empire of Lies	author	Andrew Klavan
Stadtwiki Karlsruhe	author	Hauke Löffler
The Caboose Who Got Loose	author	Bill Peet
Qlipso	author	Ishay Pnueli and Jon Goldman
The Song of Tentomushi	author	Noboru Kawasaki
Inakappe Taishō	author	Noboru Kawasaki
My Story	author	Dannii Minogue
My Story	author	Terry Ronald
ECryptfs	author	Michael Halcrow, IBM Linux Technology Center, Erez Zadok, Michael Halcrow
Moribito II: Guardian of Darkness	author	Nahoko Uehashi
The 65 Lakh Heist	author	Surender Mohan Pathak
Terror and Consent	author	Philip Bobbitt
The Republic of Thieves	author	Scott Lynch
Nobody Knows My Name	author	James Baldwin
Diary of a Wimpy Kid: The Ugly Truth	author	Jeff Kinney
Ídolos rotos	author	Manuel Díaz Rodríguez
Historias de un arrabal parisino	author	Vicente Ulive-Schnell
Venezuela Heroica	author	Eduardo Blanco
The Rain Goddess	author	Peter Stiff
Rooftops of Tehran	author	Mahbod Seraji
The Accidental Asian	author	Eric Liu
The Future of the Internet	author	Jonathan Zittrain
Copyright. Plagios literarios y poder político al desnudo	author	Luis Pescetti
Interview with History	author	Oriana Fallaci
Caperucita Roja	author	Luis Pescetti
Natacha	author	Luis Pescetti
Born in Exile	author	George Gissing
A Killing Frost	author	R. D. Wingfield
Shadow of the Dragon: Kira	author	Kate O'Hearn
The Mummy!	author	Anon
Poems from Guantánamo	author	Marc Falkoff
Elixir	author	Hilary Duff
Elixir	author	Elise Allen
Storms of My Grandchildren	author	James E. Hansen
Back Story	author	Robert B. Parker
Kavalu	author	S L Bhyrappa
Forsaken House	author	Richard Baker
13 Things That Don't Make Sense	author	Michael Brooks
Faithful Place	author	Tana French
The Adventures of Slim and Howdy	author	Kix Brooks, Ronnie Dunn, Bill Fitzhugh
Greetings from E Street	author	Robert Santelli
The Monarch of the Glen	author	Compton Mackenzie
Fall of Giants	author	Ken Follett
World of Warcraft: Beyond the Dark Portal	author	Aaron S. Rosenberg
World of Warcraft: Beyond the Dark Portal	author	Christie Golden
How German Is It	author	Walter Abish
The Killer	author	Colin Wilson
The Grass Dancer	author	Susan Power
The Magic of Blood	author	Dagoberto Gilb
GraceLand	author	Chris Abani
Madonna: An Intimate Biography	author	J. Randy Taraborrelli
Hidden in Plain Sight	author	Juha Suoranta
Mawali	author	Surender Mohan Pathak
My Shit Life So Far	author	Frankie Boyle
Farthest Reach	author	Richard Baker
Castes and Tribes of Southern India	author	Edgar Thurston
Castes and Tribes of Southern India	author	K. Rangachari
Spoilt Rotten	author	Theodore Dalrymple
The Obama Diaries	author	Laura Ingraham
Free Market Environmentalism	author	Terry L. Anderson and Donald R. Leal
Age of Science	author	Ahmed Zewail
GIMIAS	author	index.php?option=com content&view=article&id=7&Itemid=24
Racing the Beam	author	Ian Bogost and Nick Montfort
Yasuko to Kenji	author	Aruko
Crown of Shadows	author	C.S. Friedman
Dragonheart	author	Todd McCaffrey
Young Hearts Crying	author	Richard Yates
Het Gulden Cabinet	author	Cornelis de Bie
Invading the Sacred	author	Krishnan Ramaswamy
Invading the Sacred	author	Antonio de Nicolas
Invading the Sacred	author	Aditi Banerjee
In Fire Forged	author	David Weber
In Fire Forged	author	Jane Lindskold
In Fire Forged	author	Timothy Zahn
Aiiieeeee! An Anthology of Asian-American Writers	author	Frank Chin
Aiiieeeee! An Anthology of Asian-American Writers	author	Jeffery Paul Chan
Aiiieeeee! An Anthology of Asian-American Writers	author	Lawson Fusao Inada
Aiiieeeee! An Anthology of Asian-American Writers	author	Shawn Wong
Blue and Brown Books	author	Ludwig Wittgenstein
The Dead of the Night	author	John Marsden
The Change We Choose	author	Gordon Brown
Plan for Chaos	author	John Wyndham
The Chive	author	Leo Resig and John Resig
Raw	author	Scott Monk
The Whisperer	author	Fiona McIntosh
The Day of the Sardine	author	Sid Chaplin
Eternity Road	author	Jack McDevitt
Atheist Manifesto: The Case Against Christianity, Judaism, and Islam	author	Michel Onfray
Piano Lessons	author	Anna Goldsworthy
Espumas Flutuantes	author	Castro Alves
New Mobile Report Gundam Wing: Frozen Teardrop	author	Katsuyuki Sumizawa
The Chinaman Pacific and Frisco R.R. Co.	author	Frank Chin
Queen Victoria: Demon Hunter	author	A.E. Moorat
State of War: The Secret History of the CIA and the Bush Administration	author	James Risen
Mr. Denning Drives North	author	Alec Coppel
A Journey	author	Tony Blair
Hordubal	author	Karel Čapek
The Rose in Splendour: a Story of the Wars of Lancaster and York	author	Leslie Barringer
The Law and the McLaughlins	author	Margaret Wilson
The Insider: The Private Diaries of a Scandalous Decade	author	Piers Morgan
A Drunken Dream and Other Stories	author	Moto Hagio
Alice in Blunderland: An Iridescent Dream	author	John Kendrick Bangs
New Adventures of Alice	author	John Rae
The Westminster Alice	author	Saki
Sex at Dawn	author	Christopher Ryan,
Sex at Dawn	author	Cacilda Jethá
Yahoo! Teachers	author	Yahoo!
The Beatles Anthology	author	The Beatles
Red Planet Noir	author	D. B. Grady
The Power	author	Rhonda Byrne
If I Stay	author	Gayle Forman
Elements of International Law	author	Henry Wheaton
Kotonoha no Miko to Kotodama no Majo to	author	Miyabi Fujieda
Lady Bumtickler's Revels	author	John Camden Hotten
Blood Feud	author	Rosemary Sutcliff
Phule's Company	author	Robert Asprin
This Charming Man	author	Marian Keyes
The Bone Flute	author	Lisa Tuttle
Lost Face	author	Jack London
Loving Natalee	author	Beth Holloway
Loving Natalee	author	Sunny Tillman
AlternativeTo	author	Ola Johansson and Markus Olausson
Warlock	author	Oakley Hall
Ground Control to Psychoelectric Girl	author	Hitoma Iruma
Ground Control to Psychoelectric Girl	author	Hitoma Iruma
Stone Spring	author	Stephen Baxter
The Color of My Words	author	Lynn Joseph
Život a dílo skladatele Foltýna	author	Karel Čapek
The Cowards	author	Josef Škvorecký
Shamefaced Lanky and Impure in Heart	author	Franz Kafka
Just Give Me a Cool Drink of Water 'fore I Diiie	author	Maya Angelou
Traitor to the Living	author	Philip José Farmer
Kiss of Rose Princess	author	Aya Shouoto
Extra Lives: Why Video Games Matter	author	Tom Bissell
The Long Loud Silence	author	Wilson Tucker
An Octopus Followed Me Home	author	Dan Yaccarino
Xiandai Hanyu Cidian	author	Chinese Academy of Social Sciences
Xiandai Hanyu Cidian	author	Research Institutes of Language Department of Dictionary
Aruba: The Tragic Untold Story of Natalee Holloway and Corruption in Paradise	author	Dave Holloway
Aruba: The Tragic Untold Story of Natalee Holloway and Corruption in Paradise	author	R. Stephanie Good
Aruba: The Tragic Untold Story of Natalee Holloway and Corruption in Paradise	author	Larry Garrison
NetCache	author	NetApp
The Month of the Falling Leaves	author	Bruce Marshall
Unearthing	author	Alan Moore
Unearthing	author	Mitch Jenkins
Unearthing	author	Crook&Flail
Mormonism: A Historical Encyclopedia	author	W. Paul Reeve
Mormonism: A Historical Encyclopedia	author	Ardis E. Parshall
Broken as Things Are	author	Martha Witt
A quien corresponda	author	Martín Caparrós
A veinte años, Luz	author	Elsa Osorio
Adam Buenosayres	author	Leopoldo Marechal
Human Chain	author	Seamus Heaney
The Varieties of Scientific Experience	author	Carl Sagan
The Twisted Sisterhood	author	Kelly Valen
Aesthetic Theory	author	Theodor W. Adorno
Ten Thousand a-Year	author	Samuel Warren
Gerrit	author	Google
Into the Storm	author	Taylor Anderson
Crusade	author	Taylor Anderson
The Bedwetter	author	Sarah Silverman
Teheran, een zwanezang	author	F. Springer
Phule's Paradise	author	Robert Asprin
Debatable Space	author	Philip Palmer
Fox Hunt	author	James Clancy Phelan
Patriot Act	author	James Clancy Phelan
Deep Navigation	author	Alastair Reynolds
Daniel X: Demons and Druids	author	James Patterson and Adam Sadler
Tcpcrypt	author	Andrea Bittau, Mike Hamburg, Mark Handley, David Mazières, Dan Boneh and Quinn Slack.
I, Me, Mine	author	George Harrison
De zaak Natalee Holloway	author	Joran van der Sloot
De zaak Natalee Holloway	author	Zvezdana Vukojevic
Sharafnama	author	Sharaf Khan Bidlisi
Systemd	author	Lennart Poettering, Kay Sievers, Harald Hoyer, Daniel Mack, Tom Gundersen and David Herrmann
The Black Prism	author	Brent Weeks
The Economical Environmentalist	author	Prashant Vaze
Nine Coaches Waiting	author	Mary Stewart
Anti-Justine	author	Nicolas-Edme Rétif
Parallel Play	author	Tim Page
Wings of the Falcon	author	Barbara Michaels
Two Upbuilding Discourses, 1843	author	Søren Kierkegaard
Enchanted Glass	author	Diana Wynne Jones
Mon village à l'heure allemande	author	Jean-Louis Bory
Think of a Number	author	John Verdon
Delivering Happiness	author	Tony Hsieh
A Strange Discovery	author	Charles Romyn Dake
Vesper	author	Jeff Sampson
The Fuller Memorandum	author	Charles Stross
Welcome to the Desert of the Real	author	Slavoj Žižek
The Witch of the Mists	author	L. Sprague de Camp and Lin Carter
Black Sphinx of Nebthu	author	L. Sprague de Camp and Lin Carter
Red Moon of Zembabwei	author	L. Sprague de Camp and Lin Carter
Shadows in the Skull	author	L. Sprague de Camp and Lin Carter
Cognitive Surplus	author	Clay Shirky
Cleverbot	author	Rollo Carpenter
O Chifrudo	author	Miguel M. Abrahão
Irreducible Mind	author	Edward F. Kelly
Irreducible Mind	author	Emily Williams Kelly
Irreducible Mind	author	Adam Crabtree
Irreducible Mind	author	Alan Gauld
Irreducible Mind	author	Michael Grosso
Irreducible Mind	author	Bruce Greyson
Pássaro da Manhã	author	Miguel M. Abrahão
Planescape Campaign Setting	author	David Cook
Bread and Wine	author	Ignazio Silone
Critical Mass	author	Philip Ball
NASA Exoplanet Science Institute	author	Operated for NASA at Caltech
Tim and Pete	author	James Robert Baker
The Miseducation of Ross O'Carroll-Kelly	author	Paul Howard
Roysh Here, Roysh Now… The Teenage Dirtbag Years	author	Paul Howard
The Orange Mocha-Chip Frappuccino Years	author	Paul Howard
PS, I Scored the Bridesmaids	author	Paul Howard
The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Nightdress	author	Paul Howard
Should Have Got Off at Sydney Parade	author	Paul Howard
This Champagne Mojito Is the Last Thing I Own	author	Paul Howard
Mr S and the Secrets of Andorra's Box	author	Paul Howard
Rhino What You Did Last Summer	author	Paul Howard
The Oh My God Delusion	author	Paul Howard
Great House	author	Nicole Krauss
Ross O'Carroll-Kelly's Guide to	author	Paul Howard
We Need to Talk About Ross	author	Paul Howard
The Devil's Company	author	David Liss
Looking East to Look West	author	Sunanda K. Datta-Ray
Querelles de famille	author	Georges Duhamel
The Paper Men	author	William Golding
The Secret Lives of Fortunate Wives	author	Sarah Strohmeyer
Heartstone	author	C. J. Sansom
Amelia Bedelia	author	Peggy Parish
Low Life	author	Luc Sante
The Grand Design	author	Stephen Hawking and Leonard Mlodinow
The New Nobility	author	Andrei Soldatov and Irina Borogan
Poil de carotte	author	Jules Renard
Pichilemu Blues	author	Esteban Valenzuela
O Dinheiro	author	Miguel M. Abrahão
Parapsychology: Frontier Science of the Mind	author	Joseph Banks Rhine
Parapsychology: Frontier Science of the Mind	author	Joseph Gaither Pratt
In Search of Wonder	author	Damon Knight
Purge	author	Sofi Oksanen
Red Inferno: 1945	author	Robert Conroy
The Atheist's Guide to Christmas	author	Ariane Sherine
The Bravo	author	James Fenimore Cooper
Sulphuric Acid	author	Amélie Nothomb
The Sword of Shibito	author	Hideyuki Kikuchi
Three Upbuilding Discourses, 1843	author	Søren Kierkegaard
Golf in the Kingdom	author	Michael Murphy
This Above All	author	Eric Knight
A Casa	author	Miguel M. Abrahão
Life at the Bottom	author	Theodore Dalrymple
1822	author	Laurentino Gomes
Black Flame: The Revolutionary Class Politics of Anarchism and Syndicalism	author	Lucien van der Walt and Michael Schmidt
The King of Kahel	author	Tierno Monénembo
The Reckoning	author	David Halberstam
The Moral Basis of a Backward Society	author	Edward C. Banfield
Westwind	author	Ian Rankin
Biswasghatak	author	Narayan Sanyal
Room	author	Emma Donoghue
Tales from the Planet Earth	author	edited by Frederik Pohl and Elizabeth Anne Hull
Driven to Distraction	author	Jeremy Clarkson
Lewis Carroll: A Biography	author	Morton N. Cohen
The Daydreamer	author	Ian McEwan
The Embarrassment of Riches	author	Simon Schama
The Daughter	author	Pavlos Matesis
Extrasensory Perception	author	Joseph Banks Rhine
The House of Arden	author	Edith Nesbit
Fractale	author	Hiroki Azuma
Fractale	author	Mari Okada
Fractale	author	Yutaka Yamamoto
Fractale	author	Hiroki Azuma
The Plant	author	Stephen King
Karasu Tengu Kabuto	author	Buichi Terasawa
MADNESS	author	George Fann
MADNESS	author	Robert J. Harrison
The Stranger Next Door	author	Amélie Nothomb
The Enemy's Cosmetique	author	Amélie Nothomb
La Dormition des amants	author	Jacqueline Harpman
The Chainbearer	author	James Fenimore Cooper
As Comadres	author	Miguel M. Abrahão
The Squirrel Wife	author	Philippa Pearce
Nothing to Envy	author	Barbara Demick
Medusa: A Tiger by the Tail	author	Jack L. Chalker
Firmin: Adventures of a Metropolitan Lowlife	author	Sam Savage
Out of the Dark	author	David Weber
Writing Degree Zero	author	Roland Barthes
Embassytown	author	China Miéville
A Man Asleep	author	Georges Perec
Speech and Phenomena	author	Jacques Derrida
Points...: Interviews, 1974-1994	author	Jacques Derrida
Right to Philosophy	author	Jacques Derrida
Barfüßiger Februar	author	Herta Müller
The Traveller's Baggage	author	Jose Saramago
The Elephant's Journey	author	José Saramago
Hygiene and the Assassin	author	Amélie Nothomb
The Sailor's Return	author	David Garnett
The Death of Smail-aga Čengić	author	Ivan Mažuranić
Of Thee I Sing	author	Barack Obama
Jack Carter's Law	author	Ted Lewis
Sun Horse, Moon Horse	author	Rosemary Sutcliff
Some Do Not ...	author	Ford Madox Ford
The Dark Volume	author	GW Dahlquist
La Mort de la Terre	author	J.-H. Rosny
The Book of Proper Names	author	Amélie Nothomb
A Man Could Stand Up —	author	Ford Madox Ford
Last Post	author	Ford Madox Ford
No More Parades	author	Ford Madox Ford
Conan the Great	author	Leonard Carpenter
The Very Bad Book	author	Andy Griffiths
Theodore Boone: Kid Lawyer	author	John Grisham
Bomben auf Monte Carlo	author	Fritz Reck-Malleczewen
The 1981 Annual World's Best SF	author	edited by  Donald A. Wollheim and Arthur W. Saha
The 1982 Annual World's Best SF	author	edited by  Donald A. Wollheim and Arthur W. Saha
Memoirs of an Invisible Man	author	H. F. Saint
The Color of Crime	author	Katheryn Russell-Brown
The 1983 Annual World's Best SF	author	edited by  Donald A. Wollheim and Arthur W. Saha
Johnny Mackintosh and the Spirit of London	author	Keith Mansfield
The Reluctant Tommy	author	Ronald SkirthEditor:Duncan Barrett
Yomeiro Choice	author	Tenkla
The Fry Chronicles	author	Stephen Fry
Operation Dark Heart	author	Anthony Shaffer
Libertarianism Without Inequality	author	Michael Otsuka
The Healing of America	author	T.R. Reid
The Cobra	author	Frederick Forsyth
Butterflies, Flowers	author	Yuki Yoshihara
The Day I Shot Cupid	author	Jennifer Love Hewitt
Zendegi	author	Greg Egan
China's Best Actor: Wen Jiabao	author	Yu Jie
The Last Full Measure	author	George Alec Effinger
The Crucible of Time	author	John Brunner
Sekai de Ichiban Yasashii Ongaku	author	Mari Ozawa
Opera: The Undoing of Women	author	Catherine Clément
The Heidenmauer	author	James Fenimore Cooper
Ker-Plop	author	Ted Reynolds
Soulless	author	Gail Carriger
Changeless	author	Gail Carriger
Otome Yōkai Zakuro	author	Lily Hoshino
Monastery Among the Temple Trees	author	Jayasena Jayakody
In an Antique Land	author	Amitav Ghosh
Graphisoft BIM Server	author	Graphisoft
The Robert E. Howard Reader	author	Darrell Schweitzer
Graphisoft MEP Modeler	author	Graphisoft
Obama's Wars	author	Bob Woodward
Sigtuna väravad	author	Karl Ristikivi
Having Our Say: The Delany Sisters' First 100 Years	author	A. Elizabeth Delany
Having Our Say: The Delany Sisters' First 100 Years	author	Sarah L. Delany
Having Our Say: The Delany Sisters' First 100 Years	author	Amy Hill Hearth
Blameless	author	Gail Carriger
Heartless	author	Gail Carriger
Hana no Asuka-gumi!	author	Satosumi Takaguchi
The 1984 Annual World's Best SF	author	edited by  Donald A. Wollheim and Arthur W. Saha
The Roaring Trumpet	author	L. Sprague de Camp and Fletcher Pratt
Through the Valley	author	Robert Henriques
Black Ships Before Troy	author	Rosemary Sutcliff
Vespers Rising	author	Rick Riordan, Peter Lerangis, Gordon Korman, and Jude Watson
My Take	author	Gary Barlow
Pierre et Luce	author	Romain Rolland
Redemption Song: The Ballad of Joe Strummer	author	Chris Salewicz
Rollo in Emblemland	author	John Kendrick Bangs and Charles Raymond Macauley
The Cosmic Landscape	author	Leonard Susskind
Outcast	author	Rosemary Sutcliff
Pro Football: Its Ups and Downs	author	Harry March
Fifty Years a Hunter and Trapper	author	Eldred Nathaniel Woodcock
Don't Rush Love	author	Mio Tennohji
A Bride's Story	author	Kaoru Mori
The Empty Family	author	Colm Tóibín
The Toff on the Farm	author	John Creasey
A Positive	author	Kaaron Warren
Jack London's San Francisco Stories	author	Jack London, Matthew Asprey , Rodger Jacobs
The Cambridge Quintet	author	John L. Casti
The Sleeping Beauty	author	Mercedes Lackey
Captains and the Kings	author	Taylor Caldwell
The Ash-tree	author	M.R. James
Spoken from the Heart	author	Laura Bush
The Life of John Maynard Keynes	author	Roy Harrod
A Guide To Keynes	author	Alvin Hansen
Surface Detail	author	Iain Banks
The 1985 Annual World's Best SF	author	edited by  Donald A. Wollheim and Arthur W. Saha
MEGA, Molecular Evolutionary Genetics Analysis	author	Masatoshi Nei, Sudhir Kumar, Koichiro Tamura, Glen Stecher, Daniel Peterson, Nicholas Peterson
The 1986 Annual World's Best SF	author	edited by  Donald A. Wollheim and Arthur W. Saha
The 1987 Annual World's Best SF	author	edited by  Donald A. Wollheim and Arthur W. Saha
Toother	author	Terry Dowling
Squid Girl	author	Masahiro Anbe
The Mathematics of Magic	author	L. Sprague de Camp and Fletcher Pratt
Learned Pigs & Fireproof Women	author	Ricky Jay
Angel Island	author	Inez Haynes Irwin
And Yet the Town Moves	author	Masakazu Ishiguro
Where Keynes Went Wrong	author	Hunter Lewis
Shinya Shokudō	author	Yarō Abe
Thermae Romae	author	Mari Yamazaki
The 1988 Annual World's Best SF	author	edited by  Donald A. Wollheim and Arthur W. Saha
The Keynes Solution	author	Paul Davidson
Tantei Opera Milky Holmes	author	Bushiroad
SpaceCollective	author	Rene Daalder
The 1989 Annual World's Best SF	author	edited by  Donald A. Wollheim and Arthur W. Saha
Rzeźnik drzew	author	Andrzej Pilipiuk
Dead of Winter	author	Stephen Dedman
Greybeard	author	Brian Aldiss
Fable: The Balverine Order	author	Peter David
Replay 4	author	AppAssure Software
The Scorch Trials	author	James Dashner
World's Best Science Fiction: 1965	author	edited by  Donald A. Wollheim and Terry Carr
William and Mary Men's Soccer	author	Al Albert
Halloween ABC	author	Eve Merriam
Who Rules America%3F	author	G. William Domhoff
Mori no Asagao	author	Mamora Gōda
Hyakka Ryōran	author	Akira Suzuki
Hyakka Ryōran	author	Akira Suzuki
By Nightfall	author	Michael Cunningham
What You See Is What You Get	author	Alan Sugar
World's Best Science Fiction: 1971	author	edited by  Donald A. Wollheim and Terry Carr
The Corrections	author	Jonathan Franzen
Philippa Fisher and the Dream-Maker's Daughter	author	Liz Kessler
Amai Seikatsu	author	Hikaru Yuzuki
Mink Trapping	author	Arthur Robert Harding
The Enough Moment	author	John Prendergast
The Enough Moment	author	with
The Enough Moment	author	Don Cheadle
Anatomy of an Epidemic	author	Robert Whitaker
Hull Zero Three	author	Greg Bear
Radical	author	David Platt
Sang Pemimpi	author	Andrea Hirata
Showbiz411	author	Roger Friedman
On Heroes, Hero-Worship, and The Heroic in History	author	Thomas Carlyle
The Second Book of General Ignorance	author	John Lloyd
The Second Book of General Ignorance	author	John Mitchinson
Framed	author	Gordon Korman
Vegan Virgin Valentine	author	Carolyn Mackler
Schooled	author	Gordon Korman
Sex, Slander, and Salvation	author	James R. Lewis
Sex, Slander, and Salvation	author	J. Gordon Melton
A Dark Rabbit Has Seven Lives	author	Takaya Kagami
Aion	author	Yuna Kagesaki
The Lacuna	author	Barbara Kingsolver
Dork Diaries	author	Rachel Renee Russell
This Isn't What It Looks Like	author	Pseudonymous Bosch
Pandemia	author	Johnathan Rand
The Kalām Cosmological Argument	author	William Lane Craig
Cargo of Eagles	author	Margery Allingham
The Moral Landscape	author	Sam Harris
Reel Power: Hollywood Cinema and American Supremacy	author	Matthew Alford
The Helmet of Navarre	author	Bertha Runkle
The Worst Hard Time	author	Timothy Egan
Ink	author	Hal Duncan
L'Inondation	author	Émile Zola
Norms of Liberty	author	Douglas B. Rasmussen and Douglas Den Uyl
The Diddakoi	author	Rumer Godden
Gauntlgrym	author	R. A. Salvatore
Our Kind of Traitor	author	John le Carré
The God Engines	author	John Scalzi
Bodyguard of Lies	author	Anthony Cave Brown
Legions of the Dead	author	L. Sprague de Camp and Lin Carter
The People of the Summit	author	Björn Nyberg and L. Sprague de Camp
Shadows in the Dark	author	L. Sprague de Camp and Lin Carter
The Star of Khorala	author	L. Sprague de Camp and Lin Carter
The Gem in the Tower	author	L. Sprague de Camp and Lin Carter
The Ivory Goddess	author	L. Sprague de Camp and Lin Carter
Moon of Blood	author	L. Sprague de Camp and Lin Carter
The Breaks of the Game	author	David Halberstam
The Finkler Question	author	Howard Jacobson
In Defense of Reason	author	Yvor Winters
Croatian Tales of Long Ago	author	Ivana Brlić-Mažuranić
A Point of Law	author	John Maddox Roberts
Booky Wook 2	author	Russell Brand
Squirrel Seeks Chipmunk	author	David Sedaris
El delantero centro fue asesinado al atardecer	author	Manuel Vázquez Montalbán
Krishnamurti to Himself	author	Jiddu Krishnamurti
The Son of Neptune	author	Rick Riordan
Dhammapada	author	Eknath Easwaran
KJS	author	Harri Porten
World's Best Science Fiction: 1966	author	edited by  Donald A. Wollheim and Terry Carr
World's Best Science Fiction: 1967	author	edited by  Donald A. Wollheim and Terry Carr
The Third Terrorist	author	Jayna Davis
World Soul	author	Mikhail Yemtsev and Yeremey Parnov
Conjure Wife	author	Fritz Leiber
The Infinity Concerto	author	Greg Bear
Hollywood Husbands	author	Jackie Collins
Pinheads and Patriots	author	Bill O'Reilly
The Emperor of Nihon-Ja	author	John Flanagan
Atagoal	author	Hiroshi Masumura
The Dragon's Apprentice	author	James A. Owen
Anës lumejve	author	Fan S. Noli
Help! I'm Trapped in my Teacher's Body	author	Todd Strasser
Definitions	author	Pseudo-Plato
Generation Loss	author	Elizabeth Hand
Soul On Ice	author	Eldridge Cleaver
The English Gentleman	author	Douglas Sutherland
Small g: a Summer Idyll	author	Patricia Highsmith
Strega	author	Andrew Vachss
HHhH	author	Laurent Binet
Love Vibes	author	Erica Sakurazawa
Mourning Ruby	author	Helen Dunmore
The Fractal Geometry of Nature	author	Benoît Mandelbrot
De brief voor de Koning	author	Tonke Dragt
The Magical Revival	author	Kenneth Grant
World's Best Science Fiction: 1970	author	edited by  Donald A. Wollheim and Terry Carr
LatencyTOP	author	Intel
One Nation Under Surveillance	author	Simon Chesterman
The Eyes of My Princess	author	Carlos Cuauhtémoc Sánchez
Haunted House	author	Mitsukazu Mihara
Bør Børson	author	Johan Falkberget
Cop this Lot	author	John O'Grady, \
The Coming of the Terraphiles	author	Michael Moorcock
Mary Ann in Autumn	author	Armistead Maupin
Tamayura	author	Junichi Sato
Tamayura	author	Junichi Sato
Judgment Day	author	L. Sprague de Camp
The Canterbury Puzzles	author	Henry Dudeney
Megane na Kanojo	author	Tobi
Dark Matter	author	Michelle Paver
Santa Evita	author	Tomás Eloy Martínez
Mr. Spaceship	author	Philip K. Dick
Targeted Killing in International Law	author	Nils Melzer
Kakadu	author	David Taubman
Engineering Code Snippets Project	author	Amar Kumar Behera
Don't Forget the Bacon!	author	Pat Hutchins
Bob Dylan, Performing Artist	author	Paul Williams
Deadfalls and Snares	author	Arthur Robert Harding
Bertram Cope's Year	author	Henry Blake Fuller
Once An Eagle	author	Anton Myrer
Irish Tweed	author	Andrew M. Greeley
Social Foundations of Thought and Action	author	Albert Bandura
The Savage Girl	author	Alex Shakar
The Tiger That Isn't	author	Michael Blastland
The Tiger That Isn't	author	Andrew Dilnot
On the Sidewalk Bleeding	author	Ed McBain
Politikk som idékamp	author	Johannes Waage Løvhaug
World's Best Science Fiction: 1968	author	edited by  Donald A. Wollheim and Terry Carr
World's Best Science Fiction: 1969	author	edited by  Donald A. Wollheim and Terry Carr
Lady in Waiting	author	Rosemary Sutcliff
Conan the Hunter	author	Sean A. Moore
A Full and True Account of the Wonderful Mission of Earl Lavender	author	John Davidson
The Best Science Fiction of the Year 1	author	edited by  Terry Carr
Walking to Hollywood	author	Will Self
Assholes Finish First	author	Tucker Max
Will the Boat Sink the Water	author	Chen Guidi and Wu Chuntao
Gladys in Grammarland	author	Audrey Mayhew Allen
The Best Science Fiction of the Year 2	author	edited by  Terry Carr
Sidney Sheldon's After the Darkness	author	Sidney Sheldon
Sidney Sheldon's After the Darkness	author	Tilly Bagshawe
The Last Train from Hiroshima	author	Charles R. Pellegrino
The Post Card: From Socrates to Freud and Beyond	author	Jacques Derrida
Scientific Man versus Power Politics	author	Hans Morgenthau
Computer Graphics: Principles and Practice	author	James D. Foley
Computer Graphics: Principles and Practice	author	Andries van Dam
Computer Graphics: Principles and Practice	author	Steven K. Feiner
Computer Graphics: Principles and Practice	author	John F. Hughes
With the Lightnings	author	David Drake
Brainwash: The Secret History of Mind Control	author	Dominic Streatfeild
The Track of Sand	author	Andrea Camilleri
The Warrior's Apprentice	author	Lois McMaster Bujold
Cetaganda	author	Lois McMaster Bujold
The Dwarves	author	Markus Heitz
The Million Dollar Kick	author	Dan Gutman
The Midnight Charter	author	David Whitley
The Saturdays: Our Story	author	The Saturdays
Imperfect Hero	author	Nankin Gureko
Commentaries on the Constitution of the United States	author	Joseph Story
Astral Project	author	Garon Tsuchiya
Little Fluffy Gigolo Pelu	author	Junko Mizuno
Österlandet	author	Mattias Sättersröm
Österlandet	author	Mark Smith
Kunisaki Izumo no Jijō	author	Aya Hirakawa
The Canticle of Whispers	author	David Whitley
The Children of the Lost	author	David Whitley
The Gifts of the Body	author	Rebecca Brown
100 Best Australian Albums	author	John O'Donnell
100 Best Australian Albums	author	Toby Creswell
100 Best Australian Albums	author	Craig Mathieson
Old Weather	author	Zooniverse
Luka and the Fire of Life	author	Salman Rushdie
Askalo	author	Yalwa
People's Republic	author	Robert Muchamore
Guardian Angel	author	Robert Muchamore
Black Friday	author	Robert Muchamore
Refuge: An Unnatural History of Family and Place	author	Terry Tempest Williams
The New Jim Crow	author	Michelle Alexander
The Gates of Thorbardin	author	Dan Parkinson
Perfect: A Novel	author	Natasha Friend
The Confession	author	John Grisham
Shinjū	author	Laura Joh Rowland
Reckless	author	Cornelia Funke
Reckless	author	Lionel Wigram
Empire	author	Steven Saylor
Changes: A Love Story	author	Ama Ata Aidoo
The Best Science Fiction of the Year 3	author	edited by  Terry Carr
The Defense & Foreign Affairs Handbook on Azerbaijan	author	Gregory R. Copley
Duties Beyond Borders	author	Stanley Hoffmann
Suite PreCure	author	Izumi Todo
Wandering Stars	author	Sholem Aleichem
Casablanca	author	Edgar Brau
Young Sherlock Holmes: Red Leech	author	Andy Lane
Atheism in Christianity	author	Ernst Bloch
Skeletons on the Zahara	author	Dean King
The New Prime	author	Jack Vance
The Thaw	author	Tanith Lee
A Drifting Life	author	Yoshihiro Tatsumi
The Map and the Territory	author	Michel Houellebecq
City of Thieves	author	David Benioff
Empires of the Indus	author	Alice Albinia
The Best Science Fiction of the Year 4	author	edited by  Terry Carr
Cthulhu's Reign	author	edited by  Darrell Schweitzer
The Windward Road	author	Archie Carr
American Slavery as It Is	author	Theodore Dwight Weld
American Slavery as It Is	author	Grimké sisters
The Anderson Tapes	author	Lawrence Sanders
The Fall of the Pagoda	author	Eileen Chang
Hard Times: An Oral History of the Great Depression	author	Studs Terkel
Cho tôi xin một vé đi tuổi thơ	author	Nguyễn Nhật Ánh
QuickFuse	author	Plum Voice
Sclipo	author	Gregor Gimmy
Sclipo	author	Victor Bautista
Dead Space: Martyr	author	Brian Evenson
The Best Science Fiction of the Year 5	author	edited by  Terry Carr
White House Diary	author	Jimmy Carter
WenQuanYi	author	Qianqian Fang
The Last Dragon	author	Silvana De Mari
Requiem for a Species	author	Clive Hamilton
Life	author	Keith Richards
Life	author	James Fox
Kinematic Self-Replicating Machines	author	Robert Freitas
Kinematic Self-Replicating Machines	author	Ralph Merkle
The Fifth Queen	author	Ford Madox Ford
Delusions of Gender	author	Cordelia Fine
True You	author	Janet Jackson
True You	author	David Ritz
Gdleen	author	Yuto Ramon
Sunset Park	author	Paul Auster
Philosophy: An Introduction to the Art of Wondering	author	James L. Christian
Broke: The Plan to Restore Our Trust, Truth, and Treasure	author	Glenn Beck
Debtor Nation	author	Louis Hyman
Essay on the Nature of Trade in General	author	Richard Cantillon
The Great Game	author	Peter Hopkirk
The Clockwork Three	author	Matthew J. Kirby
JFK in Ireland	author	Ryan Tubridy
The Prague Cemetery	author	Umberto Eco
The Western Canon: The Books and School of the Ages	author	Harold Bloom
The Best Science Fiction of the Year 6	author	edited by  Terry Carr
Wigs on the Green	author	Nancy Mitford
Year's Best SF 15	author	Edited by David G. Hartwell and Kathryn Cramer
Hide My Eyes	author	Margery Allingham
Prom Nights from Hell	author	Meg Cabot, Kim Harrison, Michele Jaffe, Stephenie Meyer and Lauren Myracle
Un destino ridicolo	author	Fabrizio De André
Un destino ridicolo	author	Alessandro Gennari
The Lost Thing	author	Shaun Tan
The Dark Heart of Time	author	Philip José Farmer
A Good Marriage	author	Stephen King
The Complete Wizard's Handbook	author	Rick Swan
The Complete Thief's Handbook	author	John Nephew, Carl Sargent, and Douglas Niles
The Complete Priest's Handbook	author	Aaron Allston
Mockingbird	author	Kathryn Erskine
The Complete Fighter's Handbook	author	Aaron Allston
Ravenloft: Realm of Terror	author	Bruce Nesmith and Andria Hayday
Carrying the Fire: An Astronaut's Journeys	author	Michael Collins
Carrying the Fire: An Astronaut's Journeys	author	Charles Lindbergh
Holy Mountain	author	Hélène de Billy
Holy Mountain	author	Gilbert Duclos
Drakas!	author	S. M. Stirling
The Sentimentalists	author	Johanna Skibsrud
The Dead	author	Charlie Higson
What Men Call Treasure	author	Robert Boswell
What Men Call Treasure	author	David Schweidel
IBM PCPG	author	Eugene Ying
100 Tons of Gold	author	David Leon Chandler
1922	author	Stephen King
Nights of Rain and Stars	author	Maeve Binchy
The Castle Guide	author	Grant Boucher, Troy Christensen, Arthur Collins, and Nigel Findley, with Timothy B. Brown and William W. Connors
Super Robot Wars Original Generation: The Inspector	author	Tatsunosuke Yatsufusa
Frozen in Time	author	Ali Sparkes
Mao's Great Famine	author	Frank Dikötter
Tristan and Iseult	author	Rosemary Sutcliff
Birds Britannica	author	Mark Cocker
Birds Britannica	author	Richard Mabey
Chibisan Date	author	Hidekaz Himaruya
King of Kilba	author	Percy F. Westerman
Babylon Revisited	author	F. Scott Fitzgerald
The Dark Griffin	author	K.J. Taylor
Fair Extension	author	Stephen King
Big Driver	author	Stephen King
Richard Yates	author	Tao Lin
The Still Point	author	Amy Sackville
The Secret of Wilhelm Storitz	author	Jules Verne
Mornings in Jenin	author	Susan Abulhawa
Hella Nation	author	Evan Wright
Plutonia	author	Vladimir Obruchev
Shōjo Tsubaki	author	Suehiro Maruo
An Imaginative Approach to Teaching	author	Kieran Egan
The Female Marine	author	Lucy Brewer or Nathaniel Hill Wright
The Little Emperors	author	Alfred Duggan
The Sly Old Cat	author	Beatrix Potter
Unbroken: A World War II Story of Survival, Resilience, and Redemption	author	Laura Hillenbrand
Vapor	author	Amanda Filipacchi
Franklin Evans	author	Walt Whitman
The Cannibal	author	John Hawkes
The Popularity Papers	author	Amy Ignatow
Technology and the Character of Contemporary Life: A Philosophical Inquiry	author	Albert Borgmann
Orbus	author	Neal Asher
A Full Vindication of the Measures of Congress	author	Alexander Hamilton
The Farmer Refuted	author	Alexander Hamilton
The Rice Sprout Song	author	Eileen Chang
Refinery CMS	author	David Jones
Refinery CMS	author	Resolve Digital
The Eiffel Tower and Other Mythologies	author	Roland Barthes
Peckinpah: An Ultraviolent Romance	author	D. Harlan Wilson
The Spirit of Democratic Capitalism	author	Michael Novak
The Best Science Fiction of the Year 7	author	edited by  Terry Carr
The Best Science Fiction of the Year 8	author	edited by  Terry Carr
The Best Science Fiction of the Year 9	author	edited by  Terry Carr
The Best Science Fiction of the Year 10	author	edited by  Terry Carr
The Best Science Fiction of the Year 11	author	edited by  Terry Carr
Undersea Trilogy	author	Frederik Pohl
Undersea Trilogy	author	Jack Williamson
The Best Science Fiction of the Year 12	author	edited by  Terry Carr
Dungeon Geomorphs	author	Gary Gygax
Jesus' Son	author	Denis Johnson
Non-Player Character Records	author	Harold Johnson
Permanent Character Folder & Adventure Records	author	Harold Johnson
Khazar English-Azerbaijani Comprehensive Dictionary	author	Hamlet Isakhanli
Khazar English-Azerbaijani Comprehensive Dictionary	author	Tofik Abaskuliyev
Dungeon Masters Adventure Log	author	Lawrence Schick
The Rogues Gallery	author	Brian Blume with Dave Cook and Jean Wells
The Cardturner	author	Louis Sachar
Waru	author	Jun Fukami
The Five Orders of Architecture	author	Giacomo Barozzi da Vignola
How to Live Safely in a Science Fictional Universe	author	Charles Yu
Our Nig	author	Harriet E. Wilson
White Shark	author	Peter Benchley
Bones to Ashes	author	Kathy Reichs
Devil Bones	author	Kathy Reichs
Spider Bones	author	Kathy Reichs
A Place of Greater Safety	author	Hilary Mantel
Catch the Beat	author	Soul Underground
Mistborn: The Alloy of Law	author	Brandon Sanderson
Grave Secrets	author	Kathy Reichs
Genocidal Organ	author	Project Itoh
The Haunting	author	Joan Lowery Nixon
The Worst Date Ever	author	Jane Bussmann
The Gods Are Athirst	author	Anatole France
Call Me Elizabeth	author	Dawn Annandale
Word Juggler	author	Tim Gill
An Englishwoman's Love-letters	author	Laurence Housman
The Warlock: The Secrets of the Immortal Nicholas Flamel	author	Michael Scott
Nightmare Hour	author	R. L. Stine
Noah's Compass	author	Anne Tyler
The Hussaini Encyclopedia	author	
ConservativeHomeUSA	author	Ryan Streeter
Fear	author	R. L. Stine, Heather Graham, Suzanne Weyn, Jennifer Allison, Heather Brewer, Peg Kehret, Alane Ferguson, Ryan Brown, F. Paul Wilson, Meg Cabot, Walter Sorrells, James Rollins, Tim Maleeny
A Letter to Amy	author	Ezra Jack Keats
Apt. 3	author	Ezra Jack Keats
Clementina's Cactus	author	Ezra Jack Keats
KOffice	author	KDE, Reginald Stadlbauer
Thingiverse	author	Zach \
The China Governess	author	Margery Allingham
Hyouge Mono	author	Yoshihiro Yamada
The Templar Salvation	author	Raymond Khoury
Vortex	author	Robert Charles Wilson
Adobe Animate	author	FutureWave Software
Adobe Animate	author	Macromedia
Congo Journey	author	Redmond O'Hanlon
Empire of Silver	author	Conn Iggulden
Bestiary of Dragons and Giants	author	Deborah Christian
The Book of Wondrous Inventions	author	compiled by Bruce A. Heard
The Odd Women	author	George Gissing
Dacica	author	Trajan
The Gardener's Son	author	Cormac McCarthy
The Emirates of Ylaruam	author	Ken Rolston
The Kingdom of Ierendi	author	Anne Gray McCready
Dungeon Master's Design Kit	author	Harold Johnson and Aaron Allston
The Sword and the Circle	author	Rosemary Sutcliff
Deeper	author	Jeff Long
Le Paysan de Paris	author	Louis Aragon
WorkXPlore 3D	author	Vero Software
Memoirs of a Magdalen	author	Hugh Kelly
The Reason for God	author	Timothy J. Keller
House of the Wolf	author	Ezzat el Kamhawi
The Bed of Procrustes	author	Nassim Nicholas Taleb
The Party: The Secret World of China's Communist Rulers	author	Richard McGregor
While Mortals Sleep	author	Kurt Vonnegut
Nonchan Noriben	author	Kiwa Irie
Abduction	author	Robin Cook
The High Deeds of Finn MacCool	author	Rosemary Sutcliff
Buddy Holly Is Alive and Well on Ganymede	author	Bradley Denton
The Bad Child's Book of Beasts	author	Hilaire 